"while i was waiting, i suddenly heard footsteps which appeared to comefrom inside the wall of the room, or from below the floor. i concludedinstantly that there was a secret passage within the walls although i hadfailed to find the entrance, so i left the library quickly and quietly,and made my way to the garden, from which i was able to look back intothe room through the window. by the time i took up my post of observationthe person i had heard approaching had entered. to my surprise it was ayoung lady about whom i seemed to recognize something vaguely familiar,but whom i was not aware of ever having seen before. she was occupied inexamining the papers in lord ashiel's writing bureau, and after watchingher for some time, i concluded that she must be julia romaninov; partlyfrom certain foreign ways and gestures which she displayed, and partlyfrom her present employment, as i knew of no one else who was interestedin the papers of the dead man. i imagined that she knew of the possiblerelationship which lord ashiel supposed might exist between himself andher, and that she was searching for evidence of her birth. whether shewas staying at the castle, which i was told all visitors had left, orwhether, like myself, she had made her way into it from outside, was aquestion i could not then determine, though the next day i discoveredthat she was stopping with mrs. clutsam at the fishing lodge, near by.

As an added bonus, i think to myself, this will be a chance to test out the stereotype that american girls love foreign accents.

“alas, madame,” said poirot, “i thought you had come to honour me witha visit!”

Upon removing said spoon from my mouth it apparently completely ripped off many many many layers of skin.

Saʽid (Arabic: سعيد‎ Saʽīd), also spelled Saʽeid, Said, Saïd, Sid, Saeed or Sayid, is a male Arabic given name which means "blessed (in Quranic Classical Arabic), good luck, joy" or "happy, patient". The name stems from the Arabic verb sa‘ada (سَعَدَ - 'to be happy, fortunate or lucky').

 “they have secured the whole gang with the exception of him. he has given them the slip. of course, when i had left the country there was no one to cope with him. but i did think that i had put the game in their hands. i think that you had better return to england, watson.”

I went to a few practices, and secured my party invite.

the throb of the motor came through the open window, and miss howardrose and moved to the door. john’s voice sounded outside. with her handon the handle, she turned her head over her shoulder, and beckoned tome.

I had a flight to catch just afterwards, so i had to miss it to rush him to the vet because i thought he'd die.

Miss (pronounced ) is an English language honorific traditionally used only for an unmarried woman (not using another title such as "Doctor" or "Dame"). Originating in the 17th century, it is a contraction of mistress, which was used for all women. Its counterparts are Mrs., usually used only for married women, and Ms., which can be used for married or unmarried women.

byner watched eldrick and collingwood inquisitively as they bent overhalstead's telegram. he was not surprised when collingwood merely noddedin silence--nor when eldrick turned excitedly in his own direction.

I walk into the bathroom at work, and my head is turned because i'm holding the door open for a guy behind me.

"confound it all, chatfield!" he suddenly burst out. "why don't you mindwhat you're saying? it's all very well, audrey, but you shouldn't havecome along here--especially with strangers. the fact is, i'm so upsetabout this oliver affair that i'm going to have a thorough search andexamination of the keep and the ruins, and, of course, we can't allow anyone inside the grounds while it's going on. you should have kept tochatfield's orders--"

My boyfriend came inside me, and i didn't have time to "clean up" after because i had to get to work.

 “absolutely!” said i. “and now that you have explained it, i confess that i am as amazed as before.”

When she found out it was a different one, she was shocked and amazed.

"Amazed" is a song by American country music group Lonestar, released on March 22, 1999, for country radio as the second single from their third studio album Lonely Grill (1999). The power ballad is the band's longest-lasting number one single and biggest hit, spending eight weeks at the top of the Billboard country chart. The song was written by Marv Green, Aimee Mayo, and Chris Lindsey. A pop remix of the song reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and number two on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts in 2000. The song has sold over 1,650,000 digital copies in the US as of February 2016.Only five years after Lonestar's "Amazed" topped the Billboard Hot 100 did another country song top the chart, as Carrie Underwood's "Inside Your Heaven" debuted at number one on the Hot 100 in 2005, making it one of just two songs to top the Hot 100 since 2000.

behind the summer-house in which they had met a narrow path led throughthe shrubberies to an old part of the grange which was never used, andwas, in fact, partly ruinous. esther mawson led the way along this untilshe and pratt came to a turret in the grey walls, in the lower story ofwhich a massive oaken door, heavily clamped with iron, gave entrance toa winding stair, locked it from inside when she and pratt had entered,and preceded her companion up the stair, and across one or two empty anddust-covered chambers to a small room in which a few pieces of ancientfurniture were slowly dropping to decay. pratt had taken refuge in thisroom before, and he sat down in one of the old chairs and mopped hisforehead.

I have narrowly avoided being interrupted while jacking off numerous times in this scenario, but tonight i was short on time.

it needed very little insight or observation on the part of anintelligent spectator to see how things were going. the twelve good menand true, required under the provisions of the old statute to form ajury, were all of them either scarhaven tradesmen or scarhavenhouseholders or labourers on the estate. their countenances, as they tooktheir seats under the foremanship of a man whom copplestone already knewas chatfield's under-steward, showed plainly that they regarded the wholething as a necessary formality and that they were already prepared with averdict. this impression was strengthened by the coroner's openingremarks. in his opinion, the whole affair--to which he did not even referas unfortunate--was easily and quickly explained and understood. thedeceased had come to the village to look round--on a sunday be itobserved--had somehow obtained access to the keep, where, the ruins beingstrictly private and not open to the public on any consideration onsunday, he had no right to be; had indulged his curiosity by climbing tothe top of the ancient tower and had paid for it by falling down fromthat terrible height and breaking his neck. all that was necessary wasfor them to hear evidence bearing out these facts--after which they wouldreturn a verdict in accordance with what they had heard. very fortunatelythe facts were plain, and it would not be necessary to call manywitnesses.

Skip to today, sunday morning.

Sunday is the day of the week between Saturday and Monday. In most Western countries, Sunday is a day of rest and a part of the weekend, whereas in much of the rest of the world, it is considered the first day of the week.

"there's the fellows what sits on the jury, mister!" whispered melky."half-a-crown each they gets for the job--and a nice mess they makes ofit, sometimes. they've the power to send a man for trial for his life,has them chaps--all depends on their verdict. but lor' bless yer!--theytakes their tip from the coroner--he's the fellow what you've got towatch."

) earlier in the week, some trials were taking place in the waste treatment plant of the factory.

In law, a trial is a coming together of parties to a dispute, to present information (in the form of evidence) in a tribunal, a formal setting with the authority to adjudicate claims or disputes. One form of tribunal is a court. The tribunal, which may occur before a judge, jury, or other designated trier of fact, aims to achieve a resolution to their dispute.

"oh, melky sent you here, did he?" she said, with a smile. "i see!" shelooked the watch over, and snapped open the case. then she glanced atlauriston. "how much do you want on this?" she asked.

Anyway, we were having a typical conversation on snapchat when suddenly two pictures were sent immediately after one another.

Sent is a former municipality in the district of Inn in the Swiss Canton of Graubünden.  On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Ardez, Guarda, Tarasp, Ftan and Sent merged into the municipality of Scuol.

the mention of that paper had excited collingwood's curiosity. herapidly summed up what he had learned. his grandfather had found apaper, closely written upon, in a book which had been the property ofjohn mallathorpe, deceased. the discovery had surprised him, for he hadgiven voice to an exclamation of what was evidently astonishment. he hadput the paper in his pocket. then he had written a letter--to mrs.mallathorpe of normandale grange. when his shop-boy had posted thatletter, he himself had gone out--to his solicitor. what, askedcollingwood, was the reasonable presumption? the old man had gone toeldrick to show him the paper which he had found.

I saw your paper, and you had written quite a lot on it.

Writing is a medium of human communication that involves the representation of a language with written symbols. Writing systems are not themselves human languages (with the debatable exception of computer languages); they are means of rendering a language into a form that can be reconstructed by other humans separated by time and/or space. While not all languages use a writing system, those with systems of inscriptions can complement and extend capacities of spoken language by enabling the creation of durable forms of speech that can be transmitted across space (e.g., correspondence) and stored over time (e.g., libraries or other public records). It has also been observed that the activity of writing itself can have knowledge-transforming effects, since it allows humans to externalize their thinking in forms that are easier to reflect on, elaborate, reconsider, and revise. Writing relies on many of the same semantic structures as the speech it represents, such as lexicon and syntax, with the added dependency of a system of symbols to represent that language's phonology and morphology. The result of the activity of writing is called a text, and the interpreter or activator of this text is called a reader.As human societies emerged, collective motivations for the development of writing were driven by pragmatic exigencies like keeping history, maintaining culture, codifying knowledge through curricula and lists of texts deemed to contain foundational knowledge (e.g., The Canon of Medicine) or to be artistically exceptional (e.g., a literary canon), organizing and governing societies through the formation of legal systems, census records, contracts, deeds of ownership, taxation, trade agreements, treaties, and so on. Amateur historians, including H.G. Wells, had speculated since the early 20th century on the likely correspondence between the emergence of systems of writing and the development of city-states into empires. As Charles Bazerman explains, the "marking of signs on stones, clay, paper, and now digital memories—each more portable and rapidly traveling than the previous—provided means for increasingly coordinated and extended action as well as memory across larger groups of people over time and space." For example, around the 4th millennium BC, the complexity of trade and administration in Mesopotamia outgrew human memory, and writing became a more dependable method of recording and presenting transactions in a permanent form. In both ancient Egypt and Mesoamerica, on the other hand, writing may have evolved through calendric and political necessities for recording historical and environmental events. Further innovations included more uniform, predictable, and widely dispersed legal systems, distribution and discussion of accessible versions of sacred texts, and the origins of modern practices of scientific inquiry and knowledge-consolidation, all largely reliant on portable and easily reproducible forms of inscribed language.  

"no other man could," juliet amended. in spite of herself she was sorryfor the girl, whose stricken face showed plainly the anguish she wasundergoing. "forget him, julia; he is not worthy to tie your shoe-lace.he came to me after they had taken david away, and asked me first if iwould take his inheritance even though i couldn't prove my birth, whichhe must have known perfectly that i should never dream of doing, and thenproposed i should marry him, saying that he was very fond of me, and thatin that way justice would be done as regards lord ashiel's money,however things turned out for me. i thought it honourable and generous atthe time, and so did lady ruth when i told her--oh yes, she knows aboutit and can tell you it is true--but now i see that all he wanted was tobe on the safe side, and, if i had accepted him and had turned out tohave no claim upon his uncle's fortune, he would have broken theengagement on some easy pretext. can you deny it?" she demanded of mark.

Through out the day she sent me a couple snapchat pics saying she really liked that colour on me and cute things.

 “‘we were returning from the watt street mission about a quarter to nine o’clock. on our way we had to pass through hudson street, which is a very quiet thoroughfare. there is only one lamp in it, upon the left-hand side, and as we approached this lamp i saw a man coming towards us with his back very bent, and something like a box slung over one of his shoulders. he appeared to be deformed, for he carried his head low and walked with his knees bent. we were passing him when he raised his face to look at us in the circle of light thrown by the lamp, and as he did so he stopped and screamed out in a dreadful voice, “my god, it’s nancy!” mrs. barclay turned as white as death, and would have fallen down had the dreadful-looking creature not caught hold of her. i was going to call for the police, but she, to my surprise, spoke quite civilly to the fellow.

He circles the room with me walking backwards like this two or three entire laps around the room.

A circle is a shape consisting of all points in a plane that are at a given distance from a given point, the centre; equivalently it is the curve traced out by a point that moves in a plane so that its distance from a given point is constant. The distance between any point of the circle and the centre is called the radius. This article is about circles in Euclidean geometry, and, in particular, the Euclidean plane, except where otherwise noted.

"but what was the evidence against him? sir david was known to havequarrelled with his uncle; he had even been heard to say he had a goodmind to shoot him. but that was more than twenty-four hours previous tothe crime, and the words were uttered in a moment of anger, when heprobably said the first thing that came into his head. was he likely tohave hugged his rage in silence for the hours that followed, and then tohave walked out into the garden and shot his uncle in cold blood andwithout further warning? it did not appear to me probable, but then i didnot know the young man.

In other words, i wrongly think that it will not take the standard 1-2 hours that a normal edible would take.

In linguistics, a word of a spoken language can be defined as the smallest sequence of phonemes that can be uttered in isolation with objective or practical meaning. In many languages, words also correspond to sequences of graphemes ("letters") in their standard writing systems that are delimited by spaces wider than the normal inter-letter space, or by other graphical conventions. The concept of "word" is usually distinguished from that of a morpheme, which is the smallest unit of word which has a meaning, even if it will not stand on its own together or in other small words.

"listen to me," persisted melky. "what i says to mr. levendale is thishere--if mrs. goldmark hadn't had her eating establishment, and if mr.purvis hadn't gone into it to eat a chop and to drop his platinumsolitaire on the table, and if mrs. goldmark hadn't taken care of thatplatinum solitaire, and if things hadn't sprung from it--eh, what then,i should like to know? so mrs. goldmark is entitled to whatever littlepresent there is!--that's how i put it, mrs. goldmark. and mr.levendale and mr. purvis, they agreed with me--and oh, mrs. goldmark,ain't you going to be nice and let me put this round your beautifulneck?"

Afterwards me and john agreed never to go back to that neighborhood again or talk to that girl for it would be bad news.

he took up sir david southern's shooting-boots, which he had left in thetool-house during his last proceedings, and made his way through thebilliard-room into the main corridor beyond. on his right, through anopen door, he peeped into a large room, obviously the drawing-room, andsaw that it looked on to the front of the house. the room wore a forlornaspect; no one, apparently, had taken the trouble to put it straightsince the night of the tragedy. the blinds had been drawn down, but thefurniture seemed awry as if chairs had been pushed back hastily, a littlecard table still displayed a game of patience half set out, and even thedead flowers in the glasses had not been thrown away.

Well it was my turn up on the bp table.

"half-a-mo!" said melky. "if we're going to have a cabinet council,mister, there's a lady that i want to bring into it--mrs. goldmark. iknow something that mrs. goldmark can speak to--i've just beenconsidering matters while i was waiting for you, mr. purdie, and i'mgoing to tell you and zillah, and mrs. goldmark, of a curious fact thati know of. i'll fetch her--and while i'm away zillah'll show you thatthere book what was found there."

It in fact was my bowels releasing what could only be described as a tidal wave of shit.

A fact is something that is true. The usual test for a statement of fact is verifiability—that is whether it can be demonstrated to correspond to experience. Standard reference works are often used to check facts. Scientific facts are verified by repeatable careful observation or measurement by experiments or other means. 

“what do you mean?” cried john again. there was a tremor in his voice,and he had gone very pale.

As a teenage boy does, i was spending my sunday afternoon jacking the johnson.

John is a common English name and surname:

"but how was it," she asked caressingly, "that sir david's footprintswere found all over the rose-bed. what was he doing there?"

Edit: so a bunch of people have asked if i went back in there and finished.

A question is an utterance which typically functions as a request for information, which is expected to be provided in the form of an answer. Questions can thus be understood as a kind of illocutionary act in the field of pragmatics or as special kinds of propositions in frameworks of formal semantics such as alternative semantics or inquisitive semantics. Questions are often conflated with interrogatives, which are the grammatical forms typically used to achieve them. Rhetorical questions, for example, are interrogative in form but may not be considered true questions as they are not expected to be answered.

mr. parminter paused, hesitated, suddenly bowed to the coroner, anddropping back into his seat, pulled out his snuff-box. and the coroner,motioning zillah to leave the witness-box, interrupted mr. parminter inthe midst of a pinch of snuff.

Eventually the other patrol meets us and we hang around for a few hours until the all clear is given to leave and we head out.

there was immediate occupation for collingwood himself when he reachedthe town. he had already made up his mind as to his future plans. hewould sell his grandfather's business as soon as he could find abuyer--the old man had left a provision in his will, the gist of whicheldrick had already communicated to collingwood, to the effect that hisgrandson could either carry on the business with the help of a competentmanager until the stock was sold out, or could dispose of it as a goingconcern--collingwood decided to sell it outright, and at once. but firstit was necessary for him to look round the collection of valuable booksand prints, and get an idea of what it was that he was about to sell.and when he had reached barford again, and had lunched at his hotel, hewent to quagg alley, and shut himself in the shop, and made a carefulinspection of the treasures which old bartle had raked up from manyquarters.

[edit] 1: she's looking for her toothbrush.

To look is to use sight to perceive an object.

there was a fireplace of cracked and dirty marble with an engraving hungover it, representing the coronation of queen victoria. a gas stoveoccupied the grate, and a gas bracket stuck out from the wall on eitherside of the picture.

So i stick my finger in my mouth like a prom queen and start digging around back there.

we went slowly upstairs again. i was opening my lips, when poirotstopped me with a gesture of his hand.

Not sure what to do with it, but the gesture is appreciated.

A gesture is a form of non-verbal communication or non-vocal communication in which visible bodily actions communicate particular messages, either in place of, or in conjunction with, speech. Gestures include movement of the hands, face, or other parts of the body. Gestures differ from physical non-verbal communication that does not communicate specific messages, such as purely expressive displays, proxemics, or displays of joint attention. Gesture is pronounced with a soft 'g' sound as jeschur, but in some areas of the UK and other parts of the world it is also pronounced with a hard 'g' as geschur due to different regional dialects. Gestures allow individuals to communicate a variety of feelings and thoughts, from contempt and hostility to approval and affection, often together with body language in addition to words when they speak. Gesticulation and speech work independently of each other, but join to provide emphasis and meaning.

juliet paused; she was out of breath; they had been walking fast and werewithin sight of the castle gates. the way led along the side of lochashiel, and the castle rose in front of them on a tall rocky promontory,which jutted far into the water.

It was like a monumental palace, a castle if you will, surrounded by a muddy moat.

A castle is a type of fortified structure built during the Middle Ages predominantly by the nobility or royalty and by military orders. Scholars debate the scope of the word castle, but usually consider it to be the private fortified residence of a lord or noble. This is distinct from a palace, which is not fortified;

"this is it," replied pratt. "you do a bit now and then as agent forsome of these shipping lines. you book passages for emigrants--and forother people, going to new zealand or canada or timbuctoo--never mindwhere. now then--couldn't you remember--i'm sure you could--that youbooked a passage for parrawhite to america last november? come! it's aneasy matter to remember is that--for a hundred pounds."

So my friends and i decided we could just follow our new friends where they walked and maybe ask them again if they wanna come with us.

New is an adjective referring to something recently made, discovered, or created.

when he ventured to look at her again, it was over the shoulder of astalwart highlander, whose large frame effectually concealed all of thelittle detective except his hat and eyes. a further surprise was in storefor him. the lady had lifted her veil and displayed the features of thegirl he had watched in the library on the preceding night.

The thing is this girl (and yes, her attitude is very much that of a girl, not a woman) wants to be a writer.

A hat is a head covering which is worn for various reasons, including protection against weather conditions, ceremonial reasons such as university graduation, religious reasons, safety, or as a fashion accessory.In the past, hats were an indicator of social status. In the military, hats may denote nationality, branch of service, rank or regiment. Police typically wear distinctive hats such as peaked caps or brimmed hats, such as those worn by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. Some hats have a protective function. As examples, the hard hat protects construction workers' heads from injury by falling objects, a British police Custodian helmet protects the officer's head, a sun hat shades the face and shoulders from the sun, a cowboy hat protects against sun and rain and an ushanka fur hat with fold-down earflaps keeps the head and ears warm. Some hats are worn for ceremonial purposes, such as the mortarboard, which is worn (or carried) during university graduation ceremonies. Some hats are worn by members of a certain profession, such as the Toque worn by chefs. Some hats have religious functions, such as the mitres worn by Bishops and the turban worn by Sikhs.

"well, we can't stand here doing nothing," said gilling at last. "lookhere, we'd better divide forces. this chap'll have to be removed and gotto some hospital. vickers!--i guess you're the quickest-footed of thelot--will you run back to high nick and tell that chauffeur to bring hiscar round here? if sir cresswell and the police are there, tell themwhat's happened. spurge--you go down the glen there, and see if you cansee anything of any suspicious-looking craft in that bay you told us of.copplestone, we can't do any more for this man just now--let's lookround. this is a queer business," he went on when they had all departed,and he and copplestone were walking towards the tower. "the gold's gone,of course?"

I pointed at my feet and tried to backout, but after several people questioned my manhood i decided to partake.

A man is an adult male human. Prior to adulthood, a male human is referred to as a boy (a male child or adolescent).

"two days after," replied mrs. salmon. "kept everything very quiet, theydid. i don't believe miss chatfield told any of the theatre people--shewent to her work just the same, of course. the old gentleman saw toeverything--funeral and all. i'll say this for them--they gave me nounnecessary trouble, but still, there's trouble that is necessary whenyou've death in a house and a funeral at the door, and they ought to havegiven me something for what i did. but they didn't, so i considered itvery mean. mr. chatfield, he stayed two days after the funeral, and whenhe left he just said that his daughter would settle up with me. but whenshe came to pay she added nothing to my bill, and she walked outremarking that if her father hadn't given me anything extra she was sureshe shouldn't. shabby!"

However, failures usually come with a warning before suspensions are given out.

A given is a statement or a condition assumed to be true or known, often to explain or give an example of something; for related topics, see:

"there they are!" he said triumphantly. "been in my possession eversince--and will remain there. now--do you wish to read the letter? i'veread it to you word for word. you don't? very good--back it goes inthere, with these keys. and now then," he continued, having replacedletter and keys in his drawer, and turned to her again, "now then, yousee what a diabolical scheme it was that was in your mother's mindagainst me. she meant me to meet with the fate which overtook her ownson! she meant me to fall through that bridge. why? she hoped that ishould break my neck--as he did! she wanted to silence me--but she alsowanted more--she wanted to take from my dead body, or my unconsciousbody, the certain something which she was so anxious i should bring withme, which she referred to as  that document . she was willing to riskanything--even to murder!--to get hold of that. and now you know why iwent to normandale grange that saturday--you know, now, the real reason.i told a deliberate lie at the inquest, for your mother's sake--for yoursake, if you know it. i did not go there to hand in my application forthe stewardship--i went in response to the letter i've just read. is allthis clear to you?"

We were doing a relatively basic lab involving hydrochloric acid and copper(ii)sulfate.

Destiny, sometimes referred to as fate (from Latin fatum "decree, prediction, destiny, fate"), is a predetermined course of events. It may be conceived as a predetermined future, whether in general or of an individual.

sir cresswell oliver rose, glanced at audrey and her mother, receivedsome telepathic communication from them, and assumed his oldquarter-deck manner.

I had no desire to actually hookup, but i wanted to see if it was actually populated with actual people looking for actual sex.

Sir is a formal English honorific address for men, derived from Sire in the High Middle Ages. Traditionally, as governed by law and custom, "Sir" is used for men titled as knights, i.e., of orders of chivalry, and later also applied to baronets and other offices. As the female equivalent for knighthood is damehood, the suo jure female equivalent term is typically Dame. The wife of a knight or baronet tends to be addressed as Lady, although a few exceptions and interchanges of these uses exist.

“yes. here is the analyst’s report. mrs. cavendish administered a safe,but effectual, narcotic to both mrs. inglethorp and mademoisellecynthia. and it is possible that she had a  mauvais quart d’heure  inconsequence! imagine her feelings when her mother-in-law is suddenlytaken ill and dies, and immediately after she hears the word ‘poison’!she has believed that the sleeping draught she administered wasperfectly harmless, but there is no doubt that for one terrible momentshe must have feared that mrs. inglethorp’s death lay at her door. sheis seized with panic, and under its influence she hurries downstairs,and quickly drops the coffee-cup and saucer used by mademoisellecynthia into a large brass vase, where it is discovered later bymonsieur lawrence. the remains of the cocoa she dare not touch. toomany eyes are upon her. guess at her relief when strychnine ismentioned, and she discovers that after all the tragedy is not herdoing.

Quick description of what they saw (and don't you dare call us freaks).

 “‘bless you, sir, i know where all my old friends are,’ said the fellow with a sinister smile, and he slouched off after the maid to the kitchen. mr. trevor mumbled something to us about having been shipmate with the man when he was going back to the diggings, and then, leaving us on the lawn, he went indoors. an hour later, when we entered the house, we found him stretched dead drunk upon the dining-room sofa. the whole incident left a most ugly impression upon my mind, and i was not sorry next day to leave donnithorpe behind me, for i felt that my presence must be a source of embarrassment to my friend.

I refuse to say the name because of my embarrassment there, but i'll give you a hint.

Embarrassment or awkwardness is an emotional state that is associated with mild to severe levels of discomfort, and which is usually experienced when someone commits a socially unacceptable or frowned-upon act that is witnessed by or revealed to others.

"that makes you jump!" he said. "well, now, at the end of that inquestbusiness in the papers the other day i noticed spencer levendale's namementioned in connection with some old book that was left, or found inmr. daniel multenius's back-parlour. of course, i concluded that he wasthe same spencer levendale i'd known out there in south africa, fiveyears ago. and to tell you the truth, i've been watching your papers,morning and evening, since, to see if there was any more news of him.but so far i haven't seen any."

(this makes me think its legit.

 “i could see that you were commiserating me over my weakness,” said holmes, laughing. “i was sorry to cause you the sympathetic pain which i know that you felt. we then went upstairs together, and having entered the room and seen the dressing-gown hanging up behind the door, i contrived, by upsetting a table, to engage their attention for the moment, and slipped back to examine the pockets. i had hardly got the paper, however—which was, as i had expected, in one of them—when the two cunninghams were on me, and would, i verily believe, have murdered me then and there but for your prompt and friendly aid. as it is, i feel that young man’s grip on my throat now, and the father has twisted my wrist round in the effort to get the paper out of my hand. they saw that i must know all about it, you see, and the sudden change from absolute security to complete despair made them perfectly desperate.

*we will be having 2 megathreads a week:* 

1.

there were signs that the yacht's departure was imminent when they wentdown to the south quay and came abreast of her. the lights on the shorewere being extinguished; the estate labourers were gone; only two orthree sailors were busy with ropes and gear. and vickers hurried hislittle party up a gangway and on to the deck. a hard-faced, keen-eyed,man, evidently in authority, came forward.

I went to see "hateful eight" (no spoilers) and halfway through the movie there was a train inside me headin south and headin south fast.

South is one of the cardinal directions or compass points. South is the opposite of north and is perpendicular to east and west.

‘at all events, mr. sampson,’ said slinkton, offering me the smoothgravel path for the last time, ‘i thank you for interfering between meand this unfortunate man’s violence.  however you came here, mr. sampson,or with whatever motive you came here, at least i thank you for that.’

Unfortunately, i do not have loads of money hidden around, so i bought an inflatable kayak.

she dressed quickly, in the gayest humour, but with even more care thanshe usually bestowed upon her appearance; a subject to which she alwaysgave the fullest attention.

" quickly back pedal and change subject.

but gilling quietly continued his progress and returned to his companionby the opposite side from which he had set out, having thus accomplishedthe entire round. he quietly reassumed his overcoat.

Then the receptionist asks my friend, "what happened to your eye?" my friend, feeling embarrassed, quietly answers, "i fell.

pratt could have danced for joy when he presently went out into thetown. there would be no hue-and-cry after parrawhite--none! eldrickwould accept the fact that parrawhite had robbed him and flown--andparrawhite would never be heard of--never mentioned again. it was theheight of good luck for him. already he had got rid of any small scrapsof regret or remorse about the killing of his fellow-clerk. why shouldhe be sorry? the scoundrel had tried to murder him, thinking no doubtthat he had the will on him. and he had not meant to kill him--what hehad done, he had done in self-defence. no--everything was working mostadmirably--parrawhite's previous bad record, eldrick's carelessness andhis desire to shut things up: it was all good. from that day forward,parrawhite would be as if he had never been. pratt was not even afraidof the body being discovered--though he believed that it would remainwhere it was for ever--for the probability was that the authoritieswould fill up that pit with earth and stones. but if it was brought tolight? why, the explanation was simple.

That is now  the biggest regret of my life.

Regret is the emotion of wishing one had made a different decision in the past, because the consequences of the decision were unfavorable.

george answered that he understood very well, and ayscough presentlyleft him. outside, in the light of the lamp set over the entrance tothe mortuary, he pulled out his watch. twelve o'clock--midnight. andsomewhere, that cursed young jap was fleeing away through the londonstreets--having cheated him, ayscough, at his own game!

I am not sure why the key worked but it did and i would have had a hard time explaining to the cops if i got pulled over.

Pulled may refer

"does it matter at all what i think," he answered evasively. "i've nopart in this affair--i'm a mere spectator. i don't know how what yourefer to might be considered by people who are accustomed to size thingsup. they might say all that was a mere coincidence."

They all do, as a matter of fact.

In classical physics and general chemistry, matter is any substance that has mass and takes up space by having volume. All everyday objects that can be touched are ultimately composed of atoms, which are made up of interacting subatomic particles, and in everyday as well as scientific usage, "matter" generally includes atoms and anything made up of them, and any particles (or combination of particles) that act as if they have both rest mass and volume. However it does not include massless particles such as photons, or other energy phenomena or waves such as light.: 21  Matter exists in various states (also known as phases). These include classical everyday phases such as solid, liquid, and gas – for example water exists as ice, liquid water, and gaseous steam – but other states are possible, including plasma, Bose–Einstein condensates, fermionic condensates, and quark–gluon plasma.Usually atoms can be imagined as a nucleus of protons and neutrons, and a surrounding "cloud" of orbiting electrons which "take up space". However this is only somewhat correct, because subatomic particles and their properties are governed by their quantum nature, which means they do not act as everyday objects appear to act – they can act like waves as well as particles and they do not have well-defined sizes or positions. In the Standard Model of particle physics, matter is not a fundamental concept because the elementary constituents of atoms are quantum entities which do not have an inherent "size" or "volume" in any everyday sense of the word. Due to the exclusion principle and other fundamental interactions, some "point particles" known as fermions (quarks, leptons), and many composites and atoms, are effectively forced to keep a distance from other particles under everyday conditions; this creates the property of matter which appears to us as matter taking up space.

nesta could only move her head in silent acquiescence. she was alreadyconvinced, that whether all this was entirely true or not, there wastruth of some degree in what pratt had told her. and she was thinking ofher mother--and of the trap which she certainly appeared to havelaid--and of her brother's fate--and for the moment she felt sick andbeaten. but pratt went on in that cold, calculating voice, telling hisstory point by point.

I came in thinking i was earlier than everyone else because no one was in their cubes/offices.

In their most common sense, the terms thought and thinking refer to conscious processes that can happen independently of sensory stimulation. Their most paradigmatic forms are judging, reasoning, concept formation, problem solving, and deliberation. But other mental processes, like considering an idea, memory, or imagination, are also often included. These processes can happen internally independent of the sensory organs, unlike perception. But when understood in the widest sense, any mental event may be understood as a form of thinking, including perception and unconscious mental processes. In a slightly different sense, the term thought refers not to the mental processes themselves but to  mental states or systems of ideas brought about by these processes.

 “as he spoke he opened a door and showed the way into a room which appeared to be very richly furnished, but again the only light was afforded by a single lamp half-turned down. the chamber was certainly large, and the way in which my feet sank into the carpet as i stepped across it told me of its richness. i caught glimpses of velvet chairs, a high white marble mantel-piece, and what seemed to be a suit of japanese armour at one side of it. there was a chair just under the lamp, and the elderly man motioned that i should sit in it. the younger had left us, but he suddenly returned through another door, leading with him a gentleman clad in some sort of loose dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us. as he came into the circle of dim light which enables me to see him more clearly i was thrilled with horror at his appearance. he was deadly pale and terribly emaciated, with the protruding, brilliant eyes of a man whose spirit was greater than his strength. but what shocked me more than any signs of physical weakness was that his face was grotesquely criss-crossed with sticking-plaster, and that one large pad of it was fastened over his mouth.

I bought this really cool lamp for a friend's daughter.

yada, seen clearly in the moonlight which flooded that side of thestreet, came out of the door which they had left a few minutes earlier.his smart suit of grey tweed had disappeared under a heavy fur-collaredovercoat; a black bowler hat surmounted his somewhat pallid face. helooked neither to right nor left, but walked swiftly up the street inthe direction of the euston road. and when he had gone some thirtyyards, ayscough pushed melky before him out of their retreat.

I wiped the sink then changed the head on my toothbrush and pushed the thought out of my mind.

and with quick regret at having betrayed his carefully suppressedfeelings in regard to his cousin, david had laughed apologetically, andspoken of other things.

I feel like i've betrayed everyone's trust.

out of the registered letter came a bank-note--for twenty pounds--and ahastily scribbled note which lauriston eagerly read. "dear old andie,"it ran, "i've only just got your letter, for i've been from home for afortnight, and had no letters sent on to me. of course you'll make meyour banker until your book's finished--and afterwards, too, if needbe. here's something to be going on with--but i'm coming to london in aday or two, as it happens, and will go into the matter--i'll call onyou as soon as i arrive. excuse this scrawl--post time. always yours,john purdie."

So, one of the many little things i do once in a while is mail important letters for the secretaries.

 a minute later we were all seated in a comfortable landau, and were rattling through the quaint old devonshire city. inspector gregory was full of his case, and poured out a stream of remarks, while holmes threw in an occasional question or interjection. colonel ross leaned back with his arms folded and his hat tilted over his eyes, while i listened with interest to the dialogue of the two detectives. gregory was formulating his theory, which was almost exactly what holmes had foretold in the train.

People took turns whacking it blindfolded, as you do, and after 4 or 5 people i was handed the stick.

"my cousin zillah," said melky. "smart girl, that, mister--worth a pileo' money to the old man--she knows as much about the business as whathe does! you wouldn't think, mister," he went on in his soft, lispingtones, "but that girl's had a college education--fact! old daniel, hetook her to live with him when her father and mother died, she being alittle 'un then, and he give her--ah, such an education as i wish i'dhad--see? she's quite the lady--is zillah--but sticks to the oldshop--not half, neither!"

Now, i was standing there minding my own business, and he throws all his weight (he is overweight for a 9yo) into making me fall on his sister.

Business is the activity of making one's living or making money by producing or buying and selling products (such as goods and services). Simply put, it is "any activity or enterprise entered into for profit."Having a business name does not separate the business entity from the owner, which means that the owner of the business is responsible and liable for debts incurred by the business.  If the business acquires debts, the creditors can go after the owner's personal possessions.  A business structure does not allow for corporate tax rates. The proprietor is personally taxed on all income from the business.

collingwood took a closer look at jabez naylor. he saw that he was anobservant lad, evidently of superior intelligence--a good specimen ofthe sharp town lad, well trained in a modern elementary school.

It didn't hurt that bad as the blade was razor sharp,  it bled everywhere.

copplestone made no objection to that, and when dinner was over, theywalked round to the principal theatre in time for the first act of a playwhich having been highly successful in london had just started on a roundof the leading provincial theatres. between the second and third acts ofthis production there was a long interval, and the two companionsrepaired to the foyer to recuperate their energies with a drink and acigarette. while thus engaged, copplestone encountered an old schoolfriend with whom he exchanged a few words: gilling, meanwhile strolledabout, inspecting the pictures, photographs and old playbills on thewalls of the saloon and its adjacent apartments. and suddenly, he turnedback, waited until copplestone's acquaintance had gone away, and thenhurried up and smacked his co-searcher on the shoulder.

Oh and today i've got to be in photographs.

A photograph (also known as a photo) is an image created by light falling on a photosensitive surface, usually photographic film or an electronic image sensor, such as a CCD or a CMOS chip. Most photographs are now created using a smartphone/camera, which uses a lens to focus the scene's visible wavelengths of light into a reproduction of what the human eye would see. The process and practice of creating such images is called photography.

"then there was the matter of the rifle, which he had told miss byrne hehad cleaned that evening, in which case it had certainly been fired sincethen. he owned that he had locked it up and that the key never left hispossession afterwards, but now denied that he had told the young ladythat he had cleaned it. i asked young lord ashiel if he could put anypossible interpretation on these facts except the one accepted by thepolice, and he replied that he could not. that, for the first time, mademe wonder if he were really anxious to believe his cousin innocent. for icould put quite different interpretations on them myself.

There was a huge event which is hosted every year at the end of the year to showcase all of the gymnasts and what they've learned.

xi the prevalent atmosphere

Just recently i started a job at a new restaurant, which is fine dining, but with a very casual atmosphere.

An atmosphere (from Ancient Greek  ἀτμός (atmós) 'vapour, steam', and  σφαῖρα (sphaîra) 'sphere') is a layer of gas or layers of gases that envelope a planet, and is held in place by the gravity of the planetary body. A planet retains an atmosphere when the gravity is great and the temperature of the atmosphere is low. A stellar atmosphere is the outer region of a star, which includes the layers above the opaque photosphere; stars of low temperature might have outer atmospheres containing compound molecules.

it was not a large society; nor did eligible young men figure in it inany quantity. those there were, were foreigners, to whom the question ofa  dot  must be satisfactorily solved before the idea of matrimony wouldso much as occur to them.

This is where the fuck up occurs.

‘he is a great loss.  he was at once the most profound, the mostoriginal, and the most energetic man i have ever known connected withlife assurance.’

000 , great now i follow them.

 “there! there!” said holmes, soothing, patting him upon the shoulder. “it was too bad to spring it on you like this, but watson here will tell you that i never can resist a touch of the dramatic.”

Someone said something about getting arrested then her stepdad pushed me while i didnt resist to a room and calmed me down.

A resist, used in many areas of manufacturing and art, is something that is added to parts of an object to create a pattern by protecting these parts from being affected by a subsequent stage in the process. Often the resist is then removed.

his first thought was to hurry to his lodgings and pay his landlady. heowed her six weeks' rent, at ten shillings a week--that would takethree pounds out of the money he had just received. but he would stillhave over fourteen shillings to be going on with--and surely thoseexpected letters would come within the next few postal deliveries. hehad asked the editor who had taken two short stories from him to lethim have a cheque for them, and in his inexperience had expected to seeit arrive by return of post. also he had put his pride in his pocket,and had written a long letter to his old schoolmate, john purdie, infar-away scotland, explaining his present circumstances, and askinghim, for old times' sake, to lend him some money until he had finishedand sold a novel, which, he was sure, would turn out to be a smallgold-mine. john purdie, he knew, was now a wealthy young man--successorto his father in a fine business; lauriston felt no doubt that he wouldrespond. and meantime, till the expected letters came, he hadmoney--and when you have lived for four days on two shillings, fourteenshillings seems a small fortune. certainly, within the last half-hour,life had taken on a roseate tinge--all due to a visit to the pawnshop.

Realizing, he was not inviting me, i was expected to pay.

he went out of his office and across into market street, where the atlasbuilding, a modern range of offices and chambers, towered above theolder structures at its foot. in the entrance hall a man was gilding thename of a new tenant on the address board--that name was pratt's, andeldrick presently found himself ascending in the lift to pratt'squarters on the fifth floor. within five minutes of leaving collingwoodand robson, he was closeted with pratt in a well-furnished and appointedlittle office of two rooms, the inner one of which was almost luxuriousin its fittings. and pratt himself looked extremely well satisfied, andconfident--and quite at his ease. he wheeled forward an easy chair forhis visitor, and pushed a box of cigarettes towards him.

Presently i'm in japan on holiday with my wife spending time with her parents and family, staying at their place in tokyo.

"well," he remarked, "i guess that in a fix of this sort, you can'ttake too much trouble! i'm interested in this case--and a good dealmore than interested now that you tell me about these platinum studs. ireckon i can throw some light on that, anyway! but we'll keep it tillyour friends come. and i haven't introduced myself--my name'sstuyvesant guyler. i'm a new york man--but i've knocked aroundsome--pretty considerable, in fact. say!--have you got any idea thatthis mystery of yours is at all connected with south africa?and--incidentally--with diamonds?"

They walk me inside and tell me i'm under arrest for "uttering threats" and begin reading me my miranda rights as both my parents sob.

as he turned down spring street towards sussex square, purdie hastilyreviewed his knowledge of mr. spencer levendale and his family. he hadmet them, only two months previously, at a remote and out-of-the-wayplace in the highlands, in a hotel where he and they were almost theonly guests. under such circumstances, strangers are soon drawntogether, and as levendale and purdie had a common interest in fishingthey were quickly on good terms. but purdie was thinking now as he madehis way towards levendale's london house that he really knew verylittle of this man who was evidently mixed up in some way with themystery into which young andie lauriston had so unfortunately alsobecome intermingled. he knew that levendale was undoubtedly a verywealthy man: there were all the signs of wealth about him; he hadbrought several servants down to the highlands with him: money appearedto be plentiful with him as pebbles are on a beach. purdie learnt bitby bit that levendale had made a great fortune in south africa, that hehad come home to england and gone into parliament; that he was awidower and the father of two little girls--he learnt, too, that thechildren's governess, miss elsie bennett, a pretty and taking girl oftwenty-two or three, had come with them from cape town. but oflevendale's real character and self he knew no more than could begained from holiday acquaintance. certain circumstances told him bymelky about the rare book left in old multenius's parlour inclinedpurdie to be somewhat suspicious that levendale was concealingsomething which he knew about that affair--and now here was missbennett writing what, on the face of it, looked like an appealingletter to him, as if something had happened.

I spring up and this wakes up my roommate.

 “i don’t know what there was about that face, mr. holmes, but it seemed to send a chill right down my back. i was some little way off, so that i could not make out the features, but there was something unnatural and inhuman about the face. that was the impression that i had, and i moved quickly forwards to get a nearer view of the person who was watching me. but as i did so the face suddenly disappeared, so suddenly that it seemed to have been plucked away into the darkness of the room. i stood for five minutes thinking the business over, and trying to analyze my impressions. i could not tell if the face were that of a man or a woman. it had been too far from me for that. but its colour was what had impressed me most. it was of a livid chalky white, and with something set and rigid about it which was shockingly unnatural. so disturbed was i that i determined to see a little more of the new inmates of the cottage. i approached and knocked at the door, which was instantly opened by a tall, gaunt woman with a harsh, forbidding face.

A few months later, we broke it off as i moved quite far away.

 “the tea which had been ordered was brought up at the end of ten minutes; but the maid, as she approached the door, was surprised to hear the voices of her master and mistress in furious altercation. she knocked without receiving any answer, and even turned the handle, but only to find that the door was locked upon the inside. naturally enough she ran down to tell the cook, and the two women with the coachman came up into the hall and listened to the dispute which was still raging. they all agreed that only two voices were to be heard, those of barclay and of his wife. barclay’s remarks were subdued and abrupt, so that none of them were audible to the listeners. the lady’s, on the other hand, were most bitter, and when she raised her voice could be plainly heard. ‘you coward!’ she repeated over and over again. ‘what can be done now? what can be done now? give me back my life. i will never so much as breathe the same air with you again! you coward! you coward!’ those were scraps of her conversation, ending in a sudden dreadful cry in the man’s voice, with a crash, and a piercing scream from the woman. convinced that some tragedy had occurred, the coachman rushed to the door and strove to force it, while scream after scream issued from within. he was unable, however, to make his way in, and the maids were too distracted with fear to be of any assistance to him. a sudden thought struck him, however, and he ran through the hall door and round to the lawn upon which the long french windows open. one side of the window was open, which i understand was quite usual in the summer-time, and he passed without difficulty into the room. his mistress had ceased to scream and was stretched insensible upon a couch, while with his feet tilted over the side of an armchair, and his head upon the ground near the corner of the fender, was lying the unfortunate soldier stone dead in a pool of his own blood.

She even convinced me to push past my boundaries, and there are some negatives out there that i hope my mom never sees the prints from.

copplestone presently went away and returned slowly to scarhaven,meditating deeply on what he had heard. he saw no reason to doubt thetruth of zachary spurge's tale--it bore the marks of credibility. butwhat did it amount to? that spurge saw bassett oliver enter the ruins ofthe keep, by the one point of ingress; that a few moments later he sawmarston greyle come away from the same place, evidently considerablyupset, and sneak off in a manner which showed that he dreadedobservation. that was all very suspicious, to say the least of it, takenin relation to oliver's undoubted disappearance--but it was onlysuspicion; it afforded no direct proof. however, it gave material for areport to sir cresswell oliver, and he determined to write out an accountof his dealings with spurge that afternoon, and to send it off at once byregistered letter.

Okay, so this was a few years ago when i first got my cat oliver.

"where there's a way there's a will." was it by accident or design thatthe order in which the words way and will were placed was different fromthe one commonly assigned to them? had lord ashiel made a mistake inarranging the message? or did the "will" refer to his will and testament?if so, why should he take so roundabout a way of designating it?doubtless because something more important than the will was involved;indeed, if anything was clear, from the ambiguous sentence and theprecaution that ashiel had taken that though it fell into the hands ofhis enemies it should convey nothing to them, it was that he consideredthe mystification of the uninitiated a matter of transcendentalimportance. it was plain he contemplated the possibility of the nihilistsknowing where to look for his message; and at the thought gimblet shifteduneasily in his chair, remembering his first encounter with theirrepresentative.

It started out as a post on r/talesfromthepizzaguy about a disgruntled customer, but as some people pointed out, reddit, tifu.

"i have seen mr. greyle, mister, and he is concerned about what yon man,ewbank, related," replied chatfield. "mr. greyle, sir, came straight tome--i reside in a residence within the park. mr. greyle, mister, saysthat he has no recollection whatever of meeting this play-actor person inamerica--he may have done and he mayn't. but he doesn't remember him, andit isn't likely he should--him, an english landlord and a gentlemanwouldn't be very like to remember a play-actor person that's here todayand gone tomorrow! i hope i give no offence, sir--maybe you're aplay-actor yourself."

The pig was undisturbed, for those concerned for animal welfare.

Concerned: The Half-Life and Death of Gordon Frohman is a webcomic authored by Christopher C. Livingston, parodying the first-person shooter video game Half-Life 2. The comic consists of game screenshots, with characters posed using Garry's Mod, a tool which facilitates manipulation of the Source engine used by Half-Life 2. The first issue was launched on May 1, 2005.  The comic completed its run on November 6, 2006 with a total of 205 issues.While Half-Life 2 follows protagonist Gordon Freeman in a dystopian future, Concerned follows a similar path through the eyes of "Gordon Frohman", a dangerously clumsy character who arrives in the setting of the game a few weeks before Freeman does. The webcomic's dark humor is derived from its contrasts with the game and through references to the game's shortcomings. On several occasions in the comic, Frohman becomes the cause of various disastrous circumstances that Freeman will later encounter.

 like all holmes’s reasoning the thing seemed simplicity itself when it was once explained. he read the thought upon my features, and his smile had a tinge of bitterness.

I feel like i'm wasting so much time.

In English, the word like has a very flexible range of uses, ranging from conventional to non-standard. It can be used as a noun, verb, adverb, adjective, preposition, particle, conjunction, hedge, filler, and quotative.

he leapt to his feet, trembling and sweating. his hands, shaking as ifsmitten with a sudden palsy, went to his pockets--he tore off his coatand turned his pockets out, as if touch and feeling were not to bebelieved, and his eyes must see that there was really nothing there.then he snatched up the papers on the floor and found nothing butletters, and odd scraps of unimportant memoranda. he stamped his feet onthose things, and began to swear and curse, and finally to sob andwhine. the shock of his discovery had driven all his stupefaction awayby that time, and he knew what had happened. and his whining and sobbingwas not that of despair, but the far worse and fiercer sobbing andwhining of rage and terrible anger. if the woman who had tricked him hadbeen there he would have torn her limb from limb, and have gluttedhimself with revenge. but--he was alone.

Recently, with me being busy with my girlfriend and also being more public with her, she began to get weird.

Bogan (Persian: بگعان‎, also Romanized as Bog‘ān; also known as Began) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 15 families.

one o'clock midnight

We go to the help desk and they tell us that the movie was for the midnight premier.

Midnight is the transition time from one day to the next – the moment when the date changes, on the local official clock time for any particular jurisdiction.  By clock time, midnight is the opposite of noon, differing from it by 12 hours.

his room was above the drawing-room, and he could hear lady ruth's clear,rather high voice mingling with the deep tones of a man's, in a confused,murmuring duet which after a few moments died away and was followed bythe distant sound of a closing door.

Of course i recognise his voice: it's the managing director.

The human voice consists of sound made by a human being using the vocal tract, including talking, singing, laughing, crying, screaming, shouting, or yelling. The human voice frequency is specifically a part of human sound production in which the vocal folds (vocal cords) are the primary sound source. (Other sound production mechanisms produced from the same general area of the body involve the production of unvoiced consonants, clicks, whistling and whispering.)

he leaned forward, looking at his witness more earnestly. "now, didlauriston, on sunday, or when you saw him before, ever mention to youthat he possessed two rings of some value?"

I see a co-worker leaving for the day with a big bowl of guacamole in her hands and i mention that i like guacamole because it is delicious.

after eldrick had sent off a clerk with this message to the nearesttelegraph office, he sat thinking for some time. and at the close of hismeditations, and after some turning over of a diary which lay on hisdesk, he picked up pen and paper, and drafted an advertisement of hisown.

Moral of the story: if you are going to fly a drone into a friends window and look in as a joke be sure that he knows you're trying to play a joke.

 he held it up and tapped on it with his long, thin fore-finger, as a professor might who was lecturing on a bone.

Moments ago in one of my sociology classes:

to start, i am a fairly facetious person and my classmates and professor know this.

Professor (commonly abbreviated as Prof.) is an academic rank at universities and other post-secondary education and research institutions in most countries. Literally, professor derives from Latin as a "person who professes". Professors are usually experts in their field and teachers of the highest rank.In most systems of academic ranks, "professor" as an unqualified title refers only to the most senior academic position, sometimes informally known as "full professor". In some countries and institutions, the word "professor" is also used in titles of lower ranks such as associate professor and assistant professor; this is particularly the case in the United States, where the unqualified word is also used colloquially to refer to associate and assistant professors as well. This usage would be considered incorrect among other academic communities. However, the unqualified title "Professor" designated with a capital letter nearly always refers to a full professor.

the clerk looked at collingwood with an unconcern and a composure whichhe was able to assume because he had already heard of his presence inthe house. inwardly, he was malignantly angry that the young barristerwas there, but his voice was suave, and polite enough when he spoke.

" so i drive to the police department and let the clerk know who i am and they immediately take me back to the police chief's office.

A clerk ( or ) is a white-collar worker who conducts general office tasks, or a worker who performs similar sales-related tasks in a retail environment. The responsibilities of clerical workers commonly include record keeping, filing, staffing service counters, screening callers, and other administrative tasks.

"worried? poor child, she's the ghost of what she was a few days ago.half-drowned, too, when it happened, which made it worse for her."

To make matters worse she refused to speak to me for the rest of the day and won't reply to either of the texts i sent her.

 “the laugh faded from his lips, and he stared at me in great surprise.

I'm on the ground, crying, as greg laughs his guts out and dan and toni rush over to see if i'm alright.

Laughter is a physical reaction consisting usually of rhythmical, often audible contractions of the diaphragm and other parts of the respiratory system. It is a response to certain external or internal stimuli. Laughter can arise from such activities as being tickled, or from humorous stories or thoughts. Most commonly, it is considered an auditory expression of a number of positive emotional states, such as joy, mirth, happiness, relief, etc. On some occasions, however, it may be caused by contrary emotional states such as embarrassment, surprise, or confusion such as nervous laughter or courtesy laugh. Age, gender, education, language, and culture are all indicators as to whether a person will experience laughter in a given situation. Some other species of primate (chimpanzees, gorillas and orangutans) show laughter-like vocalizations in response to physical contact such as wrestling, play chasing or tickling.

"yes, but they'll not wait for that," said purdie. "they'll set thehue-and-cry on to him--at once. he's not the sort to be easily mistakenor overlooked--unless he's changed a lot this late year or two--he wasalways a good-looking lad."

I laugh it off thinking she's just trying to be funny but no she gets upset i won't have sex with her and legit tries to have sex with my dog.

 “nor have i. but the telegraph posts upon this line are sixty yards apart, and the calculation is a simple one. i presume that you have looked into this matter of the murder of john straker and the disappearance of silver blaze?”

I locked eyes with brian and made a beeline for the stairs to his room.

"i will lift you over here," he said shortly. "oh, i can wade quitewell," said she. "my shoes are wet already."

It left a wet spot deep enough to qualify as the eighth sea.

as if he knew his way, chatfield plodded heavily up the beach and waslost in the darkness, and the three left behind stood helplessly staringat each other. for a long time there was silence, broken only by theagent's heavy tread on the shingle--at last vickers spoke.

I was just left standing in the doorway babbling trying to explain myself which made me seem even more weird than i already did.

but it is dangerous work to play with edged tools, and if pratt had onlyknown it, he was running great risks in using esther mawson as asemi-accomplice. esther mawson was in constant touch with her mistress,and mrs. mallathorpe, afraid of her daughter, and not greatly insympathy with her, badly needed a confidante. little by little themistress began to confide in the maid, and before long esther mawsonknew the secret--and thenceforward she played a double game. pratt foundher useful in arranging meetings with mrs. mallathorpe unknown to nesta,and he believed her to be devoted to him. but the truth was that esthermawson had only one object of devotion--herself--and she was waiting andwatching for an opportunity to benefit that object--at pratt's expense.

I started heading down the ramp, reaching around 55mph quickly due to my car's great acceleration.

 “my first conjecture was, that possibly there had been some passages between this young lady and the old soldier, which the former had now confessed to the wife. that would account for the angry return, and also for the girl’s denial that anything had occurred. nor would it be entirely incompatible with most of the words overheard. but there was the reference to david, and there was the known affection of the colonel for his wife, to weigh against it, to say nothing of the tragic intrusion of this other man, which might, of course, be entirely disconnected with what had gone before. it was not easy to pick one’s steps, but, on the whole, i was inclined to dismiss the idea that there had been anything between the colonel and miss morrison, but more than ever convinced that the young lady held the clue as to what it was which had turned mrs. barclay to hatred of her husband. i took the obvious course, therefore, of calling upon miss morrison, of explaining to her that i was perfectly certain that she held the facts in her possession, and of assuring her that her friend, mrs. barclay, might find herself in the dock upon a capital charge unless the matter were cleared up.

The blade grabbed the board and flung it perfectly, with the force of a million suns, directly at my nuts.

"well, you can't ask any girl to marry you, man, while there's theleast bit of suspicion hanging over you that you'd a hand in hergrandfather's death!" remarked purdie sapiently. "so we'll just eat abit of lunch together, and then get a taxi-cab and drive out to findthis old gentleman that gave your mother the rings. come on to thehotel."

Me and the two guys who were running it are introducing ourselves and then i ask them all to shout their names out.

Ask is the active verb for a direct question.

"and the long and the short of it is, greyle's slipped you," saidgilling. "well--there's no more to be done tonight. the only thing ofvalue is that greyle called at the fragonard. what's a countrysquire--only recently come to england, too!--to do with the fragonard?that is worth something. well--copplestone, we'd better meet in themorning at petherton's. you be there at ten o'clock, and i'll get sircresswell oliver to be there, too."

Note: this story actually happened back in august, but figured it was worthy enough to share.

there followed on that a dead silence in court. people had been comingin since the proceedings had opened, and the place was now packed tothe door. every eye was turned on lauriston as he stood in thewitness-box, evidently thinking deeply. and in two pairs of eyes therewas deep anxiety: melky was nervous and fidgety; zillah was palpablygreatly concerned. but lauriston looked at neither--and he finallyturned to mr. parminter with a candid glance.

She looks me dead in the eye, and says "thats my son".

Eyes are organs of the visual system. They provide animals with vision, the ability to receive and process visual detail, as well as enabling several photo response functions that are independent of vision. Eyes detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons. In higher organisms, the eye is a complex optical system which collects light from the surrounding environment, regulates its intensity through a diaphragm, focuses it through an adjustable assembly of lenses to form an image, converts this image into a set of electrical signals, and transmits these signals to the brain through complex neural pathways that connect the eye via the optic nerve to the visual cortex and other areas of the brain. Eyes with resolving power have come in ten fundamentally different forms, and 96% of animal species possess a complex optical system. Image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs, chordates and arthropods.The most simple eyes, pit eyes, are eye-spots which may be set into a pit to reduce the angles of light that enters and affects the eye-spot, to allow the organism to deduce the angle of incoming light. From more complex eyes, retinal photosensitive ganglion cells send signals along the retinohypothalamic tract to the suprachiasmatic nuclei to effect circadian adjustment and to the pretectal area to control the pupillary light reflex.

gilling promised mr. montmorency that he would look him up later on,and went away with copplestone to montargis crescent. within fiveminutes they were standing in a comfortably furnished, old-fashionedsitting-room, liberally ornamented with the photographs of actors andactresses and confronting a stout, sharp-eyed little woman wholistened intently to all that gilling said and sniffed loudly when hehad finished.

After finishing my business, i reached down, grabbed the toilet paper, and yanked, only for the roll to unravel a little.

it was past eight o'clock before pratt was able to go home to hislodgings. his landlady, meeting him in the hall, hoped that his dinnerwould not be spoiled: pratt, who relied greatly on his dinner as his onegreat meal of the day, replied that he fervently hoped it wasn't, butthat if it was it couldn't be helped, this time. for once he wasthinking of something else than his dinner--as for his engagement forthat evening, he had already thrown it over: he wanted to give all hisenergies and thoughts and time to his secret. nevertheless, it wascharacteristic of him that he washed, changed his clothes, ate hisdinner, and even glanced over the evening newspaper before he turned tothe real business which was already deep in his brain. but at last, whenthe maid had cleared away the dinner things, and he was alone in hissitting-room, and had lighted his pipe, and mixed himself a drop ofwhisky-and-water--the only indulgence in such things that he allowedhimself within the twenty-four hours--he drew john mallathorpe's willfrom his pocket, and read it carefully three times. and then he began tothink, closely and steadily.

As i was pushed back from the smell, i dropped the beaker, spilling it all over my lab table.

the detective's report, a little questioning of lauriston, and melky'sfervent protestations on lauriston's behalf, served to satisfy theauthorities at the police-station, and lauriston was allowed togo--admonished by the inspector that he'd be wanted at the inquest, asthe most important witness. he went out into the street with melky.

Anyways, i was no longer allowed to coach that team and had to look for community service hours elsewhere.

“no, but i saw. do you know, my friend, i remembered that earlier inthe morning, when we had been there together, i had straightened allthe objects on the mantelpiece. and, if they were already straightened,there would be no need to straighten them again, unless, in themeantime, someone else had touched them.”

That was allthe encouragement i needed.

herein pratt's innate vanity and his ignorance showed themselves. he hadlittle knowledge of modern young women, and few ideas about them; andsuch ideas as he possessed were usually mistaken ones. but one was thatit is always necessary to keep a firm hand on women--let them see andfeel your power, said pratt. he had been secretly delighted to acquaintnesta mallathorpe with his power, to drive it into her that he had thewhip hand of her mother, and through her mother, of nesta herself. hehad seen that nesta was much upset and alarmed by what he told her. andthough she certainly seemed to recover her spirits at the end of theinterview, and even refused to shake hands with him, he cherished thenotion that in the war of words he had come off a decided victor. he didnot believe that nesta would utter to any other soul one word of whathad passed between them: she would be too much afraid of calling downhis vengeance on her mother. what he did believe was that as time wentby, and all progressed smoothly, nesta would come to face and acceptfacts: she would find him honest and hardworking in his dealings withmrs. mallathorpe (as he fully intended to be, from purely personal andselfish motives) and she herself would begin to tolerate and then totrust him, and eventually--well, who knew what might or might nothappen? what said the great talleyrand?--with time and patience, themulberry leaf is turned into satin.

After about 3 hours of handing out free food, bandanas, coasters and beer, i guess i was starting to feel it.

A hand is a prehensile, multi-fingered appendage located at the end of the forearm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs. A few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints extremely similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having "hands" instead of paws on their front limbs. The raccoon is usually described as having "hands" though opposable thumbs are lacking.Some evolutionary anatomists use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally — for example, in the context of whether the three digits of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand.The human hand usually has five digits: four fingers plus one thumb; these are often referred to collectively as five fingers, however, whereby the thumb is included as one of the fingers. It has 27 bones, not including the sesamoid bone, the number of which varies among people, 14 of which are the phalanges (proximal, intermediate and distal) of the fingers and thumb. The metacarpal bones connect the fingers and the carpal bones of the wrist. Each human hand has five metacarpals and eight carpal bones.

the emphasis which she gave to the last word roused some quality ofchatfield's subtle intellect. he flashed a swift look at hisquestioner--a look of mingled contempt and derision, spiced with a dashof sneering humour. and he found his tongue.

I had rolled my ankle, which i found out once i got looked over.

To look is to use sight to perceive an object.

 “but very superficial,” said holmes. “we come now, however, to a point which is of importance. you may not be aware that the deduction of a man’s age from his writing is one which has been brought to considerable accuracy by experts. in normal cases one can place a man in his true decade with tolerable confidence. i say normal cases, because ill-health and physical weakness reproduce the signs of old age, even when the invalid is a youth. in this case, looking at the bold, strong hand of the one, and the rather broken-backed appearance of the other, which still retains its legibility although the t’s have begun to lose their crossing, we can say that the one was a young man and the other was advanced in years without being positively decrepit.”

I'm an 18 year old college student, i keep a clean, neat appearance and have never messed with drugs in my life.

"we come, then, to recent events. early in this present autumn, weheard from mr. stephen purvis, with whom i had had some transactions insouth africa, that he had become possessed of a rare and fineorange-yellow diamond and that he was sending it to us. it arrived atmultenius's--multenius brought it to me at my city office and weexamined it, after which multenius deposited it in his bank. we decidedto buy it ourselves--i finding the money. we knew, from our messagesfrom stephen purvis, that he would be in town on the 18th november, andwe arranged everything for that date. that date, then, becomes ofspecial importance--what happened at multenius's shop in praed streeton the afternoon of november 18th, between half-past four and half-pastfive is, of course, the thing that really is of importance. now, whatdid happen? i can tell you--save as regards one detail which is,perhaps, of more importance than the other details. of that detail ican't tell anything--but i can offer a good suggestion about it.

I return home and set the shoe box on the ground so my broken hearted girlfriend can say her final goodbyes.

In most contexts, the concept of good denotes the conduct that should be preferred when posed with a choice between possible actions. Good is generally considered to be the opposite of evil, and is of interest in the study of morality, ethics, religion and philosophy. The specific meaning and etymology of the term and its associated translations among ancient and contemporary languages show substantial variation in its inflection and meaning depending on circumstances of place, history, religious or philosophical context.

it was melky's firm belief--already--that the stud had been dropped indaniel multenius's back parlour by some person who had no businessthere--in other words by the old man's assailant. and ever since he hadfound the stud, melky had been wondering and speculating on his chancesof finding its owner. of one thing he was already certain: that theowner, whoever he was, was no ordinary person. ordinary, everydaypersons do not wear studs or tie-pins on chains made of platinum--themost valuable of all the metals. how came a solitaire stud, made of ametal far more valuable than gold, and designed and ornamented in apeculiar fashion, to be lying on the hearthrug of old danielmultenius's room? it was not to be believed that the old man haddropped it there--no, affirmed melky to himself, with conviction, thatbit of personal property had been dropped there, out of a looseshirt-cuff by some man who had called on daniel not long before andielauriston had gone in, and who for some mysterious reason had scraggedthe old fellow. and now the question was--who was that man?

When we got there, we realized the bulding had been torn down and that there was a large patch of sand on the property.

Property is a system of rights that gives people legal control of valuable things, and also refers to the valuable things themselves.  Depending on the nature of the property, an owner of property may have the right to consume, alter, share, redefine, rent, mortgage, pawn, sell, exchange, transfer, give away or destroy it, or to exclude others from doing these things, as well as to perhaps abandon it; whereas regardless of the nature of the property, the owner thereof has the right to properly use it (as a durable, mean or factor, or whatever), or at the very least exclusively keep it.

"well?" asked murgatroyd anxiously.

We brainstormed for a few seconds until i asked her if she would run to the bathroom and get me some toilet paper.

A question is an utterance which typically functions as a request for information, which is expected to be provided in the form of an answer. Questions can thus be understood as a kind of illocutionary act in the field of pragmatics or as special kinds of propositions in frameworks of formal semantics such as alternative semantics or inquisitive semantics. Questions are often conflated with interrogatives, which are the grammatical forms typically used to achieve them. Rhetorical questions, for example, are interrogative in form but may not be considered true questions as they are not expected to be answered.

“i think, mr. cavendish,” said poirot gravely, “that you would do wellnot to buoy yourself up with any false hopes. can you tell me the viewsof the other members of the family?”

' he asks if i'm sure, and i tell him i'd have to give him a rain check.

antony bartle came in, wheezing and coughing. he was a very, very oldman, feeble and bent, with little that looked alive about him but hislight, alert eyes. everybody knew him--he was one of the institutions ofbarford--as well known as the town hall or the parish church. for fiftyyears he had kept a second-hand bookshop in quagg alley, the narrowpassage-way which connected market street with beck street. it was notby any means a common or ordinary second-hand bookshop: its proprietorstyled himself an "antiquarian bookseller"; and he had a reputation intwo continents, and dealt with millionaire buyers and virtuosos in both.

He says the whole building, including everybody's room smelled like weed.

gimblet put the letter away with the other items of evidence of mark'sguilt: the telegram from the analyst in edinburgh, the measurements ofthe footprints on the rose-bed, and of those other marks near the hedgeby which he had at first been mystified. it was another thread in thethin cord that, like the silken line ariadne gave to theseus, had led himto come successfully out of the bewildering labyrinth into which theinvestigation of the crime had beguiled him.

My thought process along that time was a little

In English, the word like has a very flexible range of uses, ranging from conventional to non-standard. It can be used as a noun, verb, adverb, adjective, preposition, particle, conjunction, hedge, filler, and quotative.

"but as i was telling you, his money went with him, though i know healways meant to insure his life, which is such a boring thing to think ofwhen a man has many calls on his purse. and so, i live, as you see, in avery quiet way up here, and sometimes get down to the south for a monthor six weeks in the winter, where i have many kind friends. but i findthe hills rather trying to my legs as time goes on, and i don't veryoften walk as far as i have to-day. still charity, as they say, covers amultitude of miles, and i really thought it my duty to come and see howpoor mark was bearing up all alone at inverashiel. i was afraid he wouldbe terribly unhappy, poor boy, so soon after the funeral, and julietbyrne having refused him, and everything. though of course he can't bepitied for inheriting inverashiel, such a lovely place, is it not? andquantities of property in the coal district, you know, besides. he isreally a very lucky young man."

She started asking a lot of me and i just thought it was normal because i was kind of blinded.

In their most common sense, the terms thought and thinking refer to conscious processes that can happen independently of sensory stimulation. Their most paradigmatic forms are judging, reasoning, concept formation, problem solving, and deliberation. But other mental processes, like considering an idea, memory, or imagination, are also often included. These processes can happen internally independent of the sensory organs, unlike perception. But when understood in the widest sense, any mental event may be understood as a form of thinking, including perception and unconscious mental processes. In a slightly different sense, the term thought refers not to the mental processes themselves but to  mental states or systems of ideas brought about by these processes.

it was a small bare room, with one large deal table in the middle of it.gun-cases and wooden cartridge-boxes were ranged on the linoleum-coveredfloor, and three glass-fronted gun-cabinets were hung upon the walls.one, the smallest of these, was of a different wood from the others, andbore in black letters the initials d. s.

Jpg)) and kinda balance in the middle of the seat to get over.

copplestone and audrey, having made a breakfast from the box ofprovisions which andrius had been good enough to send ashore with them,had climbed to the head of the cliff after vickers, and they werepresently astonished beyond measure to see him returning with chatfieldunder outward signs which suggested amity if not friendship. they pausedby a convenient nook in the rocks and silently awaited the approach ofthese two strangely assorted companions. vickers, coming near, gave thema queer and a knowing look.

Com/a/kwjcl)

satisfied, i climbed back into the vehicle and set out, confident that my handiwork would hold up.

 “yes, the horse. and it may lessen his guilt if i say that it was done in self-defence, and that john straker was a man who was entirely unworthy of your confidence. but there goes the bell, and as i stand to win a little on this next race, i shall defer a lengthy explanation until a more fitting time.”

I’m in the wine industry and one of our clients happens to have a very attractive 27 year old lady that works there.

Win commonly refers to:

 “i must say that i am rather disappointed in our london consultant,” said colonel ross, bluntly, as my friend left the room. “i do not see that we are any further than when he came.”

His mom was so nice to me this morning, she didn't say anything about it while i was living in blissful ignorance of this fact.

linford pratt, senior clerk to eldrick & pascoe, solicitors, of barford,a young man who earnestly desired to get on in life, by hook or bycrook, with no objection whatever to crookedness, so long as it could beperformed in safety and secrecy, had once during one of his periodicalvisits to the town reference library, lighted on a maxim of that otherunscrupulous person, prince talleyrand, which had pleased him greatly."with time and patience," said talleyrand, "the mulberry leaf is turnedinto satin." this seemed to linford pratt one of the finest and soundestpieces of wisdom which he had ever known put into words.

I tell the receptionist lady my time and desired woman and she guided me to a tiny red-light closet with a chair.

Desires are states of mind that are expressed by terms like "wanting", "wishing", "longing" or "craving". A great variety of features is commonly associated with desires. They are seen as propositional attitudes towards conceivable states of affairs. They aim to change the world by representing how the world should be, unlike beliefs, which aim to represent how the world actually is. Desires are closely related to agency: they motivate the agent to realize them. For this to be possible, a desire has to be combined with a belief about which action would realize it. Desires present their objects in a favorable light, as something that appears to be good. Their fulfillment is normally experienced as pleasurable in contrast to the negative experience of failing to do so. Conscious desires are usually accompanied by some form of emotional response. While many researchers roughly agree on these general features, there is significant disagreement about how to define desires, i.e. which of these features are essential and which ones are merely accidental. Action-based theories define desires as structures that incline us toward actions. Pleasure-based theories focus on the tendency of desires to cause pleasure when fulfilled. Value-based theories identify desires with attitudes toward values, like judging or having an appearance that something is good.

 it is indeed, a fearful place. the torrent, swollen by the melting snow, plunges into a tremendous abyss, from which the spray rolls up like the smoke from a burning house. the shaft into which the river hurls itself is an immense chasm, lined by glistening coal-black rock, and narrowing into a creaming, boiling pit of incalculable depth, which brims over and shoots the stream onward over its jagged lip. the long sweep of green water roaring forever down, and the thick flickering curtain of spray hissing forever upward, turn a man giddy with their constant whirl and clamour. we stood near the edge peering down at the gleam of the breaking water far below us against the black rocks, and listening to the half-human shout which came booming up with the spray out of the abyss.

One item from the hamper a fabric shower curtain reeked of burnt plastic.

A curtain is a piece of cloth or other material intended to block or obscure light, air drafts, or (in the case of a shower curtain) water. A curtain is also the movable screen or drape in a theater that separates the stage from the auditorium or that serves as a backdrop/background.Curtains are often hung on the inside of a building's windows to block the passage of light. For instance, at night to aid sleeping, or to stop light from escaping outside the building (stopping people outside from being able to see inside, often for privacy reasons). In this application, they are also known as "draperies". Curtains hung over a doorway are known as portières. Curtains come in a variety of shapes, materials, sizes, colors, and patterns. They often have their own sections within department stores, while some shops are completely dedicated to selling curtains.

i turned to lawrence, to suggest that i had better leave them now thatthere was no further need of my services, but the words were frozen onmy lips. never have i seen such a ghastly look on any man’s face. hewas white as chalk, the candle he held in his shaking hand wassputtering onto the carpet, and his eyes, petrified with terror, orsome such kindred emotion, stared fixedly over my head at a point onthe further wall. it was as though he had seen something that turnedhim to stone. i instinctively followed the direction of his eyes, but icould see nothing unusual. the still feebly flickering ashes in thegrate, and the row of prim ornaments on the mantelpiece, were surelyharmless enough.

I rush to her room, shaking her as if i were a new orphan, attempting to awake my parents from their endless slumber.

 “yes, my boy, these were all done prematurely before my biographer had come to glorify me.” he lifted bundle after bundle in a tender, caressing sort of way. “they are not all successes, watson,” said he. “but there are some pretty little problems among them. here’s the record of the tarleton murders, and the case of vamberry, the wine merchant, and the adventure of the old russian woman, and the singular affair of the aluminium crutch, as well as a full account of ricoletti of the club-foot, and his abominable wife. and here—ah, now, this really is something a little  recherché .”

There was an iron (steel?) "arm-rest" of sorts that was slightly behind me and to my left.

"it's like this, mr. yada," he said. "i may as well tell you all aboutit. you've doubtless read all about this praed street mystery in thenewspapers? well, now, some very extraordinary developments have arisenout of the beginnings of that, it turns out."

After throwing small objects at them for like 20 minutes, they still stay on the fridge.

In English, the word like has a very flexible range of uses, ranging from conventional to non-standard. It can be used as a noun, verb, adverb, adjective, preposition, particle, conjunction, hedge, filler, and quotative.

it needed very little insight or observation on the part of anintelligent spectator to see how things were going. the twelve good menand true, required under the provisions of the old statute to form ajury, were all of them either scarhaven tradesmen or scarhavenhouseholders or labourers on the estate. their countenances, as they tooktheir seats under the foremanship of a man whom copplestone already knewas chatfield's under-steward, showed plainly that they regarded the wholething as a necessary formality and that they were already prepared with averdict. this impression was strengthened by the coroner's openingremarks. in his opinion, the whole affair--to which he did not even referas unfortunate--was easily and quickly explained and understood. thedeceased had come to the village to look round--on a sunday be itobserved--had somehow obtained access to the keep, where, the ruins beingstrictly private and not open to the public on any consideration onsunday, he had no right to be; had indulged his curiosity by climbing tothe top of the ancient tower and had paid for it by falling down fromthat terrible height and breaking his neck. all that was necessary wasfor them to hear evidence bearing out these facts--after which they wouldreturn a verdict in accordance with what they had heard. very fortunatelythe facts were plain, and it would not be necessary to call manywitnesses.

I took it off and put it in my mouth to get rid of the evidence and i proceed to bite the flake in half.

Evidence for a proposition is what supports this proposition. It is usually understood as an indication that the supported proposition is true. What role evidence plays and how it is conceived varies from field to field. In epistemology, evidence is what justifies beliefs or what makes it rational to hold a certain doxastic attitude. For example, a perceptual experience of a tree may act as evidence that justifies the belief that there is a tree. In this role, evidence is usually understood as a private mental state. Important topics in this field include the questions of what the nature of these mental states is, for example, whether they have to be propositional, and whether misleading mental states can still qualify as evidence. Other fields, including the sciences and the legal system, tend to emphasize more the public nature of evidence. In philosophy of science, evidence is understood as that which confirms or disconfirms scientific hypotheses. Measurements of Mercury's "anomalous" orbit, for example, are seen as evidence that confirms Einstein's theory of general relativity. In order to play the role of neutral arbiter between competing theories, it is important that scientific evidence is public and uncontroversial, like observable physical objects or events, so that the proponents of the different theories can agree on what the evidence is. This is ensured by following the scientific method and tends to lead to an emerging scientific consensus through the gradual accumulation of evidence. Two issues for the scientific conception of evidence are the problem of underdetermination, i.e. that the available evidence may support competing theories equally well, and theory-ladenness, i.e. that what some scientists consider the evidence to be may already involve various theoretical assumptions not shared by other scientists. It is often held that there are two kinds of evidence: intellectual evidence or what is self-evident and empirical evidence or evidence accessible through the senses.

how unspeakably sad it was, she thought to herself, this slow falling ofthe leaves, like the gradual but persistent loss of our hopes andillusions, which eventually make each human dweller in this world ofchange feel as bare and forlorn as the leafless winter trees.

If you've heard the story of [the gay avenger](http://dailyoftheday.

 it was a dreadful sight which met us as we entered the bedroom door. i have spoken of the impression of flabbiness which this man blessington conveyed. as he dangled from the hook it was exaggerated and intensified until he was scarce human in his appearance. the neck was drawn out like a plucked chicken’s, making the rest of him seem the more obese and unnatural by the contrast. he was clad only in his long night-dress, and his swollen ankles and ungainly feet protruded starkly from beneath it. beside him stood a smart-looking police-inspector, who was taking notes in a pocket-book.

"it's the hardest thing i've ever drawn!!!!"

i thought it was a simple two-dimensional shape, like an octagon with more sides.

"i'll give you a glass of good old wine," said mrs. greyle as they wentinto the cottage. "i have some that belonged to my father-in-law, the oldsquire. you must taste it--for old times' sake."

I greet them with a glass of wine and a hearty hug.

Glass is a non-crystalline, often transparent amorphous solid, that has widespread practical, technological, and decorative use in, for example, window panes, tableware, and optics. Glass is most often formed by rapid cooling (quenching) of the molten form; some glasses such as volcanic glass are naturally occurring. The most familiar, and historically the oldest, types of manufactured glass are "silicate glasses" based on the chemical compound silica (silicon dioxide, or quartz), the primary constituent of sand. Soda-lime glass, containing around 70% silica, accounts for around 90% of manufactured glass. The term glass, in popular usage, is often used to refer only to this type of material, although silica-free glasses often have desirable properties for applications in modern communications technology. Some objects, such as drinking glasses and eyeglasses, are so commonly made of silicate-based glass that they are simply called by the name of the material.

"it's difficult to say, miss mallathorpe," replied eldrick, with a smileand a shake of the head. "if your mother--who, of course, is quitecompetent to decide for herself--wishes to have somebody to look afterher affairs, i don't see what objection can be taken to her procedure.and if she chooses to put linford pratt in that position--why not? as itell you, i, as his last--and only--employer, am quite convinced of hisabilities and probity. i suppose that as your mother's agent, he'llsupervise her property, collect money due to her, advise her ininvestments, and so on. well, i should say--personally, mind--he's quitecompetent to do all that, and that he'll do it honestly, i shouldcertainly say so."

It is difficult to describe just how gnarly things are down there.

"there's the estate agent, mr. chatfield, outside, very anxious to have aword with you about this affair," she said. "would you be for having himin? he's the sort of man," she went on, sinking her tones to a whisper,"who must know everything that's going on, and, of course, having theposition he has, he might be useful. mr. peter chatfield, mr. greyle'sagent, and his uncle's before him--that's who he is--peeping peter, theycall him hereabouts, because he's fond of knowing everybody's business."

I should've known better.

Knowledge is a familiarity, awareness, or understanding of someone or something, such as facts (descriptive knowledge), skills (procedural knowledge), or objects (acquaintance knowledge). By most accounts, knowledge can be acquired in many different ways and from many sources, including but not limited to perception, reason, memory, testimony, scientific inquiry, education, and practice. The philosophical study of knowledge is called epistemology.

"why," continued cobcroft, "it isn't what you rightly would call asecret--though i don't think anybody knows aught about it but myself! itwas just this--and it may be there's naught in it but a mere fancy o'mine. that morning, before the accident happened, i was in and out ofthe private office a good deal--carrying in and out letters, and accountbooks, and so on. mr. john mallathorpe's private office, ye'llunderstand, sir, opened out of our counting-house--as it does still--thepresent manager, mr. horsfall, has it, just as it was. well, now, on oneoccasion, when i went in there, to take a ledger back to the safe, mr.mallathorpe had his manager and cashier, gaukrodger and marshall in withhim. mr. mallathorpe, he always used a stand-up desk to write at--neverwrote sitting down, though he had a big desk in the middle of the roomthat he used to sit at to look over accounts or talk to people. now wheni went in, he and gaukrodger and marshall were all at this stand-updesk--in the window-place--and they were signing some papers. at leastgaukrodger had just signed a paper, and marshall was taking the pen fromhim. 'sign there, marshall,' says mr. mallathorpe. and then he went on,'now we'll sign this other--it's well to have these things in duplicate,in case one gets lost.' and then--well, then, i went out, and--why, thatwas all."

She likely thinks i'm a scumbag.

In their most common sense, the terms thought and thinking refer to conscious processes that can happen independently of sensory stimulation. Their most paradigmatic forms are judging, reasoning, concept formation, problem solving, and deliberation. But other mental processes, like considering an idea, memory, or imagination, are also often included. These processes can happen internally independent of the sensory organs, unlike perception. But when understood in the widest sense, any mental event may be understood as a form of thinking, including perception and unconscious mental processes. In a slightly different sense, the term thought refers not to the mental processes themselves but to  mental states or systems of ideas brought about by these processes.

"are you the captain of this vessel?" demanded vickers in tones ofauthority. "you are? i am mr. vickers, solicitor, of norcaster. i giveyou formal warning that the man you have known as marston greyle isnot marston greyle at all, but an impostor. all the property which youhave removed from the house, and now have on this vessel, belongs tothis lady, miss audrey greyle, lady of the manor of scarhaven. it isat your peril that you move it, or that you cause this vessel toleave this harbour. i claim the vessel and all that is on it on behalfof miss greyle."

Stop adding disclaimers to your posts.

the groom nodded in comprehension, and esther went back to the house andto her own room. she ought at that time of day to have been eating herdinner with the rest of the upper servants, but she had work to do whichwas of much more importance than the consumption of food and drink.there was going to be a flight that afternoon--but it would not be prattwho would undertake it. esther mawson had carefully calculated all herchances as soon as pratt told her that he was going to be away for awhile. she knew that pratt would not have left barford for anyindefinite period unless something had gone seriously wrong. but sheknew more--by inference and intuition. if pratt was going away--rather,since he was going away, he would have on his person things ofvalue--documents, money. she meant to gain possession of everything thathe had; she meant to have a brief interview with mrs. mallathorpe; thenshe meant to drive to scaleby--and to leave that part of the countryjust as thoroughly and completely as pratt had meant to leave it. andnow in her own room she was completing her preparations. there waslittle to do. she knew that if her venture came off successfully, shecould easily afford to leave her personal possessions behind her, andthat she would be all the more free and unrestricted in her movements ifshe departed without as much as a change of clothes and linen. and so bytwo o'clock she had arrayed herself in a neat and unobtrusivetailor-made travelling costume, had put on an equally neat and plainhat, had rolled her umbrella, and laid it, her gloves, and a cloak wherethey could be readily picked up, and had attached to her slim waist ahand-bag--by means of a steel chain which she secured by a small padlockas soon as she had arranged it to her satisfaction. she was not the sortof woman to leave a hand-bag lying about in a railway carriage at anytime, but in this particular instance she was not going to run any riskof even a moment's forgetfulness.

I told her that it played "wind beneath my wings" and she looked as though she was going to cry and said quietly that it was my aunt's favorite song.

"our particular excursion is off, mr. copplestone," she said."extraordinary events seem to be happening. mr. chatfield called on us anhour ago, took my key away from me, and solemnly informed us thatscarhaven keep is strictly closed until further notice!"

I called the original place that was supposed to do it and they informed me they did not service my kind of vehicle (it was a trade in.

"legal business," said collingwood. "i shall be back about the end ofapril--and then i shall probably come down here again, and seriouslyconsider eldrick's suggestion. i'm very much inclined to take it."

I am really awkward about asking for numbers from people, even more so when i have romantic intent towards said person.

Saʽid (Arabic: سعيد‎ Saʽīd), also spelled Saʽeid, Said, Saïd, Sid, Saeed or Sayid, is a male Arabic given name which means "blessed (in Quranic Classical Arabic), good luck, joy" or "happy, patient". The name stems from the Arabic verb sa‘ada (سَعَدَ - 'to be happy, fortunate or lucky').

	  xxxiv baffled

"it depends upon the amount," replied mrs. greyle. "we know these people.they are close and reserved--no people could keep secrets better. for allone knows, somebody in this village may know something, and may atpresent feel it wisest to keep the knowledge to himself. but ifmoney--what would seem a lot of money--comes into question--ah!"

' the buzzing gets closer and closer until the moment i can almost feel the animal up my cheek.

“yes, i remember saying that. i believe it too. i suppose you think itnonsense?”

I also had the immature habit of saying "your mom," so.

A saying is any concisely written or spoken expression that is especially memorable because of its meaning or style. Sayings are categorized as follows:

but--he wanted funds; wanted them badly. he thereupon conceived thebold idea of getting a reward for his knowledge. he went to thepolice-station with a merely modest motive in his mind--fifty poundswould carry him to vienna, where he knew how to dispose of the diamondat once, with no questions asked. but when he found the owners of thediamond and the bank-notes present he decided to play for higherstakes. he got what he asked for--and, if it had not been for thatlittle jew, he said malevolently, he would have got out of england thateventful afternoon. but--it was not so written--and the game was up.only--what he had said was true. now let them do what they could forhim--but let them search for chen li's murderer.

How many greek people do you know besides me?" after thinking about it i agreed that he was the only greek person i knew.

the group of men gathered behind the leaders, and filling the whole ofthe lobby outside the closed door, waited, expectant and excited, inthe silence which followed on ayscough's loud beating on the upperpanel. a couple of minutes went by: the detective knocked again, moreinsistently. and suddenly, and silently, the door was opened--first, aninch or two, then a little wider, and as ayscough slipped a stoutlybooted foot inside the crack a yellow face, lighted by a pair ofnarrow-slitted dark eyes, looked out--and immediately vanished.

Every unopened envelope went in the garbage.

Went can mean:

"if spurge comes into scarhaven," observed copplestone, "he'll bepromptly collared by the police. they want him for poaching."

An older male coworker (i'm a female in my 20s), comes up behind me and looks over my shoulder.

Comes ( KOH-meez), plural comites ( KOM-i-teez), is the Latin word for "companion", either individually or as a member of a collective denominated a "comitatus", especially the suite of a magnate, being in some instances sufficiently large and/or formal to justify specific denomination, e.g. a "cohors amicorum". "Comes" derives from "com-" ("with") and "ire" ("go").

at that moment vickers called to them, and they went back to find jimspurge slowly opening his eyes and looking round him with consciousnessof his company. his one eye lightened a little as he caught sight ofzachary, and the poacher bent down to him.

I set up the appointment for a friday knowing my parents would be home and able to show the inspector around the house we're moving into.

"i am obliged to you," he said. "that, of course, is your claim. but--theother one, eh? it seems to me there might be something to be said forthat, you know? so, all i can do is to renew my assurance of politeattention, offer you our best accommodation--which is luxurious--andpromise to land you--somewhere--tomorrow. miss greyle, we have two womenservants on board--i shall send them to you at once and they will attendto you--please consider them your own. you, gentlemen, will perhaps joinme in my quarters?--i have two spare cabins close to my own which are atyour service."

But i managed to miss the ham and most impressively myself.

Miss (pronounced ) is an English language honorific traditionally used only for an unmarried woman (not using another title such as "Doctor" or "Dame"). Originating in the 17th century, it is a contraction of mistress, which was used for all women. Its counterparts are Mrs., usually used only for married women, and Ms., which can be used for married or unmarried women.

"take him into the study," commanded mrs. mallathorpe. "i'll come to himpresently." she was utterly at a loss to understand pratt's presencethere. eldrick & pascoe were not her solicitors, and she had no businessof a legal nature in which they could be in any way concerned. but itsuddenly struck her that that was the second time she had heardeldrick's name mentioned that day--young mr. collingwood had said thathis grandfather's death had taken place at eldrick & pascoe's office.had this clerk come to see her about that?--and if so, what had she todo with it? before she reached the room in which pratt was waiting forher, mrs. mallathorpe was filled with curiosity. but in that curiositythere was not a trace of apprehension; nothing suggested to her that hervisitor had called on any matter actually relating to herself or herfamily.

(some of you may know where i got this quote from)

the next time class begins he looks at me with constant death stares and glances.

Death is the permanent, irreversible cessation of all biological functions that sustain a living organism. Brain death is sometimes used as a legal definition of death. The remains of a previously living organism normally begin to decompose shortly after death. Death is an inevitable, universal process that eventually occurs in all living organisms.

"i wish i could think it the correct one," replied copplestone. "but wecan soon find out if it is--there's a telephone in the hall. yet--i'm sosure that you're wrong, that i'm not even going to ring norcaster up. mr.bassett oliver has--disappeared here!"

And when i went to stop the bag, i punched the kid right in the jaw and it was as if he was shot, staggering a bit and then falling.

the doctor came into the gloomy vault at that moment, escorted bychatfield, who, however, immediately retired. he was an elderly,old-fashioned somewhat fussy-mannered person, who evidently attachedmuch more importance to the living squire than to the dead man, and helistened to all marston greyle's explanations and theories with greatdeference and accepted each without demur. "ah yes, to be sure!" he said,after a perfunctory examination of the body. "the affair is easilyunderstood. it is precisely as you suggest, squire. the unfortunate manevidently climbed to the top of the tower, missed his footing, and fellheadlong. that slight mass of branch and leaf would make littledifference--he was, you see, a heavy man--some fourteen or fifteen stone,i should think. oh, instantaneous death, without a doubt! well, well,these constables must see to the removal of the body, and we must let myfriend the coroner know--he will hold the inquest tomorrow, no doubt.quite a mere formality, my dear sir!--the whole thing is as plain as apikestaff. it will be a relief to know that the mystery is nowsatisfactorily solved."

They were basically like toilet stalls and there were three in a row.

gimblet took off his coat and threw it on to the bed. he put a foot uponone sleeve, and, stooping down, spread the other out in front of him asfar as it would go. then he stepped upon that one and twisted the coatround under him to repeat the process. in this way he arrived under thewindow without leaving any imprint of his boots upon the soft earth. oncethere he raised himself cautiously and peered into the room.

Luckily i reacted quite fast, so i took it out of the water almost immediately.

Took is a variant of the English surname Tooke, originally found predominantly in the East Anglia region of the United Kingdom. 

there was little need for the three deeply interested listeners to looklong at the letters--one glance was sufficient to show even a carelesseye that the hand which had written one of them had certainly not writtenthe other two. the letter which audrey had handed to mr. dennie waspenned in the style commonly known as commercial--plain, commonplace,utterly lacking in the characteristics which are supposed to denoteimagination and a sense of artistry. it was the sort of caligraphy whichone comes across every day in shops and offices and banks--there wasnothing in any upstroke, downstroke or letter which lifted it from thevery ordinary. but the other two letters were evidently written by a manof literary and artistic sense, possessing imagination and a liking foreffect. it needed no expert in handwriting to declare that two totallydifferent individuals had written those letters.

I decide to cater to my urge, and kindle in hand, i flop down dramatically, prepared to take a break and read a few pages.

A hand is a prehensile, multi-fingered appendage located at the end of the forearm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs. A few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints extremely similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having "hands" instead of paws on their front limbs. The raccoon is usually described as having "hands" though opposable thumbs are lacking.Some evolutionary anatomists use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally — for example, in the context of whether the three digits of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand.The human hand usually has five digits: four fingers plus one thumb; these are often referred to collectively as five fingers, however, whereby the thumb is included as one of the fingers. It has 27 bones, not including the sesamoid bone, the number of which varies among people, 14 of which are the phalanges (proximal, intermediate and distal) of the fingers and thumb. The metacarpal bones connect the fingers and the carpal bones of the wrist. Each human hand has five metacarpals and eight carpal bones.

“but why? it was most obvious. did not monsieur lawrence make the sourface every time mademoiselle cynthia spoke and laughed with hisbrother? he had taken it into his long head that mademoiselle cynthiawas in love with monsieur john. when he entered his mother’s room, andsaw her obviously poisoned, he jumped to the conclusion thatmademoiselle cynthia knew something about the matter. he was nearlydriven desperate. first he crushed the coffee-cup to powder under hisfeet, remembering that  she  had gone up with his mother the nightbefore, and he determined that there should be no chance of testing itscontents. thenceforward, he strenuously, and quite uselessly, upheldthe theory of ‘death from natural causes’.”

Once i got there i was gone.

copplestone followed her up the garden and into the house, where she ledthe way into a small old-fashioned parlour in which a grey-haired woman,who had once been strikingly handsome, and whose face seemed to thevisitor to bear traces of great trouble, sat writing at a bureau. sheturned in surprise as her daughter led copplestone in, but her mannerbecame remarkably calm and collected as audrey explained who he was andwhy he was there. and copplestone, watching her narrowly, fancied that hesaw interest flash into her eyes when she heard of bassett oliver'sremark to the fisherman. but she made no comment, and when audrey hadfinished the story, she turned to copplestone as if she had alreadysummed up the situation.

Now, bear in mind: these are the options i would normally only ever do.

Bears are carnivoran mammals of the family Ursidae. They are classified as caniforms, or doglike carnivorans.  Although only eight species of bears are extant, they are widespread, appearing in a wide variety of habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere and partially in the Southern Hemisphere. Bears are found on the continents of North America, South America, Europe, and Asia. Common characteristics of modern bears include large bodies with stocky legs, long snouts, small rounded ears, shaggy hair, plantigrade paws with five nonretractile claws, and short tails.

"this is how things is there," he said, inviting his companions'attention. "here, like, is where this peel tower stands--that's a thickwood as comes close up to its walls--that there is a road as crosses themoors and the wood about, maybe, a hundred yards or so behind the toweron the land side. now, there, one afternoon as i was in that there tower,a-reading of a newspaper that jim had brought me the night before, ihears wheels on that moorland road, and i looked out through a convenientloophole, and who should i see but peter chatfield in that old pony trapof his. he was coming along from the direction of scarhaven, and when hegot abreast of the tower he pulled up, got out, left his pony to crop thegrass and came strolling over in my direction. of course, i wasn'tafraid of him--there's so many ways in and out of that old peel as thereis out of a rabbit-warren--besides, i felt certain he was there on somejob of his own. well, he comes up to the edge of the glen, and he looksinto it and round it, and up and down at the tower, and he wanders aboutthe heaps of fallen masonry that there is there, and finally he putsthumbs in his armhole and went slowly back to his trap. 'but you'll becoming back, my old swindler!' says i to myself. 'you'll be back again idoubt not at all!' and back he did come--that very night. oh, yes!"

Everybody just stares as i slowly and clumsily take out my laptop.

"mister!" he said earnestly. "there ain't nothing known at the shopabout that there book, except this here. it wasn't there when my cousinzillah left the old man alone at a quarter to five yesterday afternoon.it was there when this here gentleman found the old man. but it hadn'tbeen pledged, nor yet sold, mr. ayscough--there'd ha' been an entry inthe books if it had been taken in pawn, or bought across thecounter--and there's no entry. now then--who'd left it there?"

I hadn't known that because it was an all black kitty.

Knowledge is a familiarity, awareness, or understanding of someone or something, such as facts (descriptive knowledge), skills (procedural knowledge), or objects (acquaintance knowledge). By most accounts, knowledge can be acquired in many different ways and from many sources, including but not limited to perception, reason, memory, testimony, scientific inquiry, education, and practice. The philosophical study of knowledge is called epistemology.

"no, indeed. she has lost everything: father, family and lover at oneblow. you know lord ashiel said she was his daughter, and told her he'dmade a will leaving everything to her. for that matter the lawyers say hedidn't--not that i should ever believe anything a lawyer said. theyalways mean something you wouldn't expect from their words. they do it, ibelieve, to keep in practice for trials, you know, where they have tomake the witnesses say what they don't mean, poor things. and what ishall have put into my mouth by them, if i'm called as a witness againstpoor david, doesn't bear thinking of. but the lord knows what ashiel didwith the will, and, as i was saying, it can't be found."

My dad had cancer, than my mom left him taking the health care with her,leaving us bankrupt, and its a miserable situation.

 “madam derbyshire had somewhat expensive tastes,” remarked holmes, glancing down the account. “twenty-two guineas is rather heavy for a single costume. however there appears to be nothing more to learn, and we may now go down to the scene of the crime.”

Let me set the scene.

 we had a pleasant little meal together, during which holmes would talk about nothing but violins, narrating with great exultation how he had purchased his own stradivarius, which was worth at least five hundred guineas, at a jew broker’s in tottenham court road for fifty-five shillings. this led him to paganini, and we sat for an hour over a bottle of claret while he told me anecdote after anecdote of that extraordinary man. the afternoon was far advanced and the hot glare had softened into a mellow glow before we found ourselves at the police-station. lestrade was waiting for us at the door.

I pull in, my mom waiting for me.

"hanged if i know what this means!" muttered ayscough. "as to who heis--if he's the fellow i gave a card to, he's a young japanese medicalstudent, one yada, that was a friend of those chinese--i called on himtonight, with rubinstein, to see if we could pick up a bit ofinformation. of course, i sent in my professional card to him. but--wesaw him set off to the east end!"

Also, i fucked up by using my credit card, like the drunken idiot i was.

 “it was just as if they had been given into my hands. there was a bit of a haze, and you could not see more than a few hundred yards. i hired a boat for myself, and i pulled after them. i could see the blur of their craft, but they were going nearly as fast as i, and they must have been a long mile from the shore before i caught them up. the haze was like a curtain all round us, and there were we three in the middle of it. my god, shall i ever forget their faces when they saw who was in the boat that was closing in upon them? she screamed out. he swore like a madman and jabbed at me with an oar, for he must have seen death in my eyes. i got past it and got one in with my stick that crushed his head like an egg. i would have spared her, perhaps, for all my madness, but she threw her arms round him, crying out to him, and calling him ‘alec.’ i struck again, and she lay stretched beside him. i was like a wild beast then that had tasted blood. if sarah had been there, by the lord, she should have joined them. i pulled out my knife, and—well, there! i’ve said enough. it gave me a kind of savage joy when i thought how sarah would feel when she had such signs as these of what her meddling had brought about. then i tied the bodies into the boat, stove a plank, and stood by until they had sunk. i knew very well that the owner would think that they had lost their bearings in the haze, and had drifted off out to sea. i cleaned myself up, got back to land, and joined my ship without a soul having a suspicion of what had passed. that night i made up the packet for sarah cushing, and next day i sent it from belfast.

So don't forget to unmount your spank bank.

my evening was utterly and entirely spoilt by the presence of dr.bauerstein. it seemed to me the man would never go. he rose at last,however, and i breathed a sigh of relief.

Shifting through tons of applications and portfolios was a lot of work so i took it home and did it in the evenings.

Evening is the period of a day from the end of the afternoon to the beginning of night. The exact times when evening begins and ends depend on location, time of year, and culture, but it is generally regarded as beginning when the Sun is low in the sky and lasting until the end of twilight.

juliet did not hesitate. she could reach the aperture easily, and itwould have been the simplest thing in the world to climb into it, butfor the yawning chasm beneath. holding firmly to the friendly holly, andresisting, with an effort, the temptation to look down, she swungherself bravely over the edge and scrambled into the hole with a gasp ofrelief. it was, after all, not very difficult. she found herselfstanding within the entrance of a narrow passage built into thethickness of the wall. beside the opening through which she had come, alittle door of oak, grey with age and strengthened with rusty bars andcross-pieces of iron, drooped upon its one remaining hinge. two hugeslabs of stone leaning near it, against the wall, showed how it hadbeen the custom in former centuries to fortify the entrance still moreeffectively in time of danger.

My eyes were on fire and i was screaming so loudly that someone on the street could hear me and wonder "what in the world is going on.

In its most general sense, the term "world" refers to the totality of entities, to the whole of reality or to everything that is. The nature of the world has been conceptualized differently in different fields. Some conceptions see the world as unique while others talk of a "plurality of worlds". Some treat the world as one simple object while others analyze the world as a complex made up of many parts. In scientific cosmology the world or universe is commonly defined as "[t]he totality of all space and time; all that is, has been, and will be". Theories of modality, on the other hand, talk of possible worlds as complete and consistent ways how things could have been. Phenomenology, starting from the horizon of co-given objects present in the periphery of every experience, defines the world as the biggest horizon or the "horizon of all horizons". In philosophy of mind, the world is commonly contrasted with the mind as that which is represented by the mind. Theology conceptualizes the world in relation to God, for example, as God's creation, as identical to God or as the two being interdependent. In religions, there is often a tendency to downgrade the material or sensory world in favor of a spiritual world to be sought through religious practice. A comprehensive representation of the world and our place in it, as is commonly found in religions, is known as a worldview. Cosmogony is the field that studies the origin or creation of the world while eschatology refers to the science or doctrine of the last things or of the end of the world.

"looks bad!--very, very bad, collingwood!" he answered. "art and schemeof a desperate woman, of course. but--we mustn't let her daughter thinkwe believe it. let her stick to the suggestion i made--which, as youremarked, would certainly make a very good line of defence, supposingpratt even did accuse her. but now--what on earth is this documentthat's been mentioned--this paper of which pratt has possession? hasmrs. mallathorpe at some time committed forgery--or bigamy--or--what isit? one thing's sure, however--we've got to work quietly. we mustn't letpratt know that we're working. i hope he doesn't know that missmallathorpe came here. will you come back about four and hear whatmessage she sends me? after that, we could consult."

I had the genius idea that i would set up a time lapse on my phone to capture the sun setting behind the horizon, the movement of clouds, etc.

Time is the continued sequence of existence and events that occurs in an apparently irreversible succession from the past, through the present, into the future. It is a component quantity of various measurements used to sequence events, to compare the duration of events or the intervals between them, and to quantify rates of change of quantities in material reality or in the conscious experience. Time is often referred to as a fourth dimension, along with three spatial dimensions.Time has long been an important subject of study in religion, philosophy, and science, but defining it in a manner applicable to all fields without circularity has consistently eluded scholars.

"'would you mind,' i was beginning; but at that instant a loud reportsounded just outside the window. lord ashiel fell forward on to the tablewith a low cry, his hand clasped to his ribs. 'oh, what is it?' i cried,bending over him; 'you are hurt; you are shot! oh, what shall i do!' hewas making a great effort to speak, i could see that plainly enough; butno words would come, and he seemed to be choking. at last he managed toget out a few words. 'gimblet,' he gasped, 'the clock--eleven--steps--'and then with a groan his hand dropped from his side, his head rolledback upon the table, and a silence followed, more horrible to me thananything that had gone before.

So today i got a message from a friend who is in my school and somehow managed to get some wrong schoolbooks for the new year.

before the watchmaker could collect himself sufficiently to say or askmore, prydale and his companion had walked out of the shop and goneaway. and then murgatroyd realized that he was in for--but he did notknow what he was in for. what he did know was that if prydale went orsent over to liverpool the whole thing would burst like a bubble. forthe royal atlantic people would tell the detectives at once that nopassenger named parsons had sailed under their auspices on november 24thlast, and that he, murgatroyd, had been telling a pack of lies.

I now know not to refer to my lazy looking self as a "skank".

Knowledge is a familiarity, awareness, or understanding of someone or something, such as facts (descriptive knowledge), skills (procedural knowledge), or objects (acquaintance knowledge). By most accounts, knowledge can be acquired in many different ways and from many sources, including but not limited to perception, reason, memory, testimony, scientific inquiry, education, and practice. The philosophical study of knowledge is called epistemology.

"those are cliffs, surely," she said presently. "hadn't we better go upthe beach and see if we can't find some shelter until morning?fortunately we're all warmly clad, and andrius was considerate enough tothrow rugs and things into the boat, as well as provisions. comealong!--after all, we're not so badly off. and we have the satisfactionof knowing that we can keep chatfield under observation. remember that!"

I searched for him, left some food out, and contacted all the animal shelters with his face.

Shelter often refers to:

"we're going in there whether there's anybody or not," said theinspector. "knock, ayscough!--knock loudly!"

I am not going to be drinking any more liquor.

“my dear poirot, i am sure you are capable of thinking of seventy! but,seriously, in spite of what i heard you say to the detectives, yousurely cannot still believe in the possibility of alfred inglethorp’sinnocence?”

Today i go into work, and my boss tells me that there is a possibility that she could declare a discrimination lawsuit against me for the  comment.

Possibility is the condition or fact of being possible. Latin origins of the word hint at ability.

"ill tell you what, spurge," he said. "i'll promise you this much. if youcan give any information i'll give you my word that--whether what you cantell is worth much or little--you shall be well paid. that do?"

My friend who we shall name 'eddie', was always late - to this day he will always arrive well after the agreed time.

Shall and will are two of the English modal verbs. They have various uses, including the expression of propositions about the future, in what is usually referred to as the future tense of English.

john purdie had a double object in calling on mr. spencer levendale. hehad mentioned to melky that when he met levendale in the highlands,levendale, who was a widower, had his children and their governess withhim. but he had not mentioned that he, purdie, had fallen in love withthe governess, and that one of his objects in coming to london justthen was to renew his acquaintance with her. it was chiefly of thegoverness that he was thinking as he stood on the steps of the bighouse in sussex square--perhaps, in a few minutes, he would see heragain.

I missed the next step ripping my shin past the previous steps and launching the fries into the air.

 “‘“it’s an old acquaintance of mine who has come down in the world,” said she. when i promised her i would say nothing she kissed me, and i have never seen her since. i have told you now the whole truth, and if i withheld it from the police it is because i did not realize then the danger in which my dear friend stood. i know that it can only be to her advantage that everything should be known.’

I got there at 5pm and look around for a few minutes to see where my date was (also worth mentioning i have only seen her pictures).

julia shuddered violently.

Il call her julia.

Julia is usually a feminine given name. It is a Latinate feminine form of the name Julio and Julius. (For further details on etymology, see the Wiktionary entry "Julius".) The given name Julia had been in use throughout Late Antiquity (e.g. Julia of Corsica) but became rare during the Middle Ages, and was revived only with the Italian Renaissance. It became common in the English-speaking world only in the 18th century. Today, it is frequently used throughout the world.

"i was, as some of you may know, in practice in the city--in moorgatestreet, as a matter of fact," he said. "daniel molteno was a jewellerin houndsditch. i occasionally acted for him--professionally. andoccasionally when i wanted anything in the way of jewellery, i went tohis shop. he was then a man of about fifty, a tall, characteristicallyhebraic sort of man, already patriarchal in appearance, though hehadn't a grey hair in his big black beard. he was an interesting man,profoundly learned in the history of precious stones. i remember buyingthose rings from him very well indeed--i remember, too, what i gave himfor them--seventy-five pounds for the two. those private marks insidethem are, of course, his--and so they're just the same as his privatemarks inside those other rings in the tray. but that's not what i camehere to tell you--that's merely preliminary."

I carefully packed my three precious friends in a discreet bag and placed them in a box.

 “well, my dear sir, knowing the vindictive character of his old associates, he was trying to hide his own identity from everybody as long as he could. his secret was a shameful one, and he could not bring himself to divulge it. however, wretch as he was, he was still living under the shield of british law, and i have no doubt, inspector, that you will see that, though that shield may fail to guard, the sword of justice is still there to avenge.”

I'm a criminal justice major.

Justice, in its broadest sense, is the principle that people receive that which they deserve, with the interpretation of what then constitutes "deserving" being impacted upon by numerous fields, with many differing viewpoints and perspectives, including the concepts of moral correctness based on ethics, rationality, law, religion, equity and fairness. The state will sometimes endeavour to increase justice by operating courts and enforcing their rulings.

 “i am usually an extremely sound sleeper. it has been a standing jest in the family that nothing could ever wake me during the night. and yet somehow on that particular night, whether it may have been the slight excitement produced by my little adventure or not i know not, but i slept much more lightly than usual. half in my dreams i was dimly conscious that something was going on in the room, and gradually became aware that my wife had dressed herself and was slipping on her mantle and her bonnet. my lips were parted to murmur out some sleepy words of surprise or remonstrance at this untimely preparation, when suddenly my half-opened eyes fell upon her face, illuminated by the candle-light, and astonishment held me dumb. she wore an expression such as i had never seen before—such as i should have thought her incapable of assuming. she was deadly pale and breathing fast, glancing furtively towards the bed as she fastened her mantle, to see if she had disturbed me. then, thinking that i was still asleep, she slipped noiselessly from the room, and an instant later i heard a sharp creaking which could only come from the hinges of the front door. i sat up in bed and rapped my knuckles against the rail to make certain that i was truly awake. then i took my watch from under the pillow. it was three in the morning. what on this earth could my wife be doing out on the country road at three in the morning?

In the land of england, bicycles are stopped by pulling the brakes in front of the handle bars and gradually coming to a nice controlled stop.

"jim!" he said, as the man came up. "just slip across to thenewsagent's over there and get me the  news , the  chronicle , the standard , the  morning post . if the owner's as keen as all that," headded, turning back to lauriston, "he'll have put that advertisement inall the morning papers, and i'd like to make sure. what's known aboutthat book at the shop?" he asked, glancing at melky. "does your cousinknow anything?"

Put some lube on my hand, feels sort of thick but i'm keen as.

"then--parrawhite must be dead!" said eldrick. "or--in gaol, underanother name. twenty thousand pounds--waiting for parrawhite! ifparrawhite was alive, man, or at liberty, he wouldn't let twentythousand pence wait five minutes! i know him!"

Now, i don't remember how exactly it has happened, or maybe my brain just deleted the horrifying memories.

the examination was over, though i doubted if the coroner was entirelysatisfied with it. i think he suspected that mary cavendish could tellmore if she chose.

I read:

12/11 -12/17    **examination week    (there is no final examination in this class)**    

fuck.

"i've got no hard thoughts about her," said collingwood. "i'm sorry forher. but--is it too soon to talk about the future?"

So most days there is hardly any work produced.

"i don't know that he is," she said. "no one sees much of him. you seehe's a stranger: although he's a greyle, he's not a scarhaven man. ofcourse, i know all his family history--i'm scarhaven born and bred. in mytime there have been three generations of greyles. the first one i knewwas this squire's grandfather, old mr. stephen greyle: he died when i wasa girl in my 'teens. he had three sons and no daughters. the three sonswere all different in their tastes and ideas; the eldest, stephen john,who came into the estates on his father's death, was a real home bird--henever left scarhaven for more than a day or two at a time all his life.and he never married--he was a real old bachelor, almost a woman-hater.the next one, marcus, went out to america and settled there--he was thefather of this present squire, mr. marston greyle. then there was thethird son, valentine--he went to live in london. and years after he cameback here, very poor, and settled down in a little house near scarhavenchurch with his wife and daughter--that was the daughter you met thisafternoon, miss audrey. i don't know why, and nobody else knows, either,but the last squire, stephen john, never had anything to do withvalentine and his family; what's more, when valentine died and left thewidow and daughter very poorly off, stephen john did nothing for them.but he himself died very soon after valentine, and then of course, asmarcus had already died in america, everything came to this mr. marston.and, as i said, he's a stranger to scarhaven folk and scarhaven ways.indeed, you might say to england and english ways, for i understand he'dnever been in england until he came to take up the family property."

My boyfriends really chill and my moms like my best friend.

they were passing along the quay by that time, and in the light of one ofits feeble gas-lamps he turned and looked narrowly at his companion. hefancied that he saw her face change in expression at his question; ifthere was any change, however, it was so quick that it was gone in asecond. she shook her head with emphatic decision.

They turned the student union building into what is essentially a night club.

waiting till the boat had become a distant speck on the face of thewaters, gimblet made his way into the inn and entered into conversationwith the landlord, on the pretext of engaging rooms for a friend. thelandlord was sorry, but the house was full.

Edit:

had any third person been present, closely to observe the meeting ofthese two young people, he would have seen that the one to whom it wasunexpected and a surprise was outwardly as calm and self-possessed as ifthe other had come there to keep an ordinary business appointment.

She must have been a mother because she calmly reached in her purse and gave me a bag of wet wipes and tried not to look horrified.

addie paused for a moment, and copplestone and gilling exchanged glances.so far, this was all known to them--but what was coming?

We originally flirted for a few weeks at the gym and got comfortable, but once we exchanged numbers we had become inseparable.

after fifty yards or so of comparatively easy progress, the shafts oftwilight from the loopholes ceased to permeate the murky darkness inwhich she walked, and she was obliged to go more slowly, and to feel herway dubiously by the touch of hands and feet.

My hands are still shaking when i think about all this, even while i'm writing this.

A hand is a prehensile, multi-fingered appendage located at the end of the forearm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs. A few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints extremely similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having "hands" instead of paws on their front limbs. The raccoon is usually described as having "hands" though opposable thumbs are lacking.Some evolutionary anatomists use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally — for example, in the context of whether the three digits of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand.The human hand usually has five digits: four fingers plus one thumb; these are often referred to collectively as five fingers, however, whereby the thumb is included as one of the fingers. It has 27 bones, not including the sesamoid bone, the number of which varies among people, 14 of which are the phalanges (proximal, intermediate and distal) of the fingers and thumb. The metacarpal bones connect the fingers and the carpal bones of the wrist. Each human hand has five metacarpals and eight carpal bones.

"it's the absolute truth!" she answered, regarding him steadily. "i'mnot altogether a good sort, nor a very bad sort, but i'm telling you thereal truth in that. it was a sheer accident--he stepped off the parapetand fell. martin went into the base of the tower and came back saying hewas dead. we were both dazed--we separated. he went off to the house--iwent to my father by a roundabout way. we decided to let things taketheir course. you all know a great deal of what happened. but--later--myhusband and martin began to take certain things into their own hands.they put me on one side. to this minute, i don't quite know how much myfather got into their secrets or how little, but i do know that theydetermined to make what you might call a purse for themselves out ofscarhaven. martin left certain powers in his brother's hands and wentoff to london. he was there, hidden, until andrius got all ready for aflight on the  pike . then he set off to scarhaven, to join her. but hedidn't join her, and none of us knew what had become of him until today,when we heard of what had been found at scarhaven. that explained it--hehad taken that short cut from the northborough road through the woodsbehind the keep, and fallen over the cliff at the hermit's steps. butthat very night, you, mr. vickers, and mr. copplestone and miss greyle,nearly stopped everything, and if andrius and chatfield hadn't carriedyou off, the scheme would have come to nothing. well--you know whathappened after that--"

My husband pulled the "help, i've fallen!" red emergency string.

“because, so long as the evidence against him was vague and intangible,it was very hard to disprove. but, in his anxiety, the criminal hasdrawn the net so closely that one cut will set inglethorp free.”

I came up with so much force, i hit it hard twice.

 our hope was that, by taking train, we might get to beckenham as soon or sooner than the carriage. on reaching scotland yard, however, it was more than an hour before we could get inspector gregson and comply with the legal formalities which would enable us to enter the house. it was a quarter to ten before we reached london bridge, and half past before the four of us alighted on the beckenham platform. a drive of half a mile brought us to the myrtles—a large, dark house standing back from the road in its own grounds. here we dismissed our cab, and made our way up the drive together.

So i hoovered her living quarters, whilst my mum tidied up her kitchen and dining room.

A quarter is one-fourth, ¼, 25% or 0.25.

"well, well!" said eldrick, who, being an easy-going andkindly-dispositioned man, was somewhat inclined to side with his oldclerk. "i suppose mr. robson thinks that if mrs. mallathorpe wished toput her affairs in anybody's hands, she should have put them in his.he's their family solicitor, you know, pratt, while you're a young manwith no claim on mrs. mallathorpe."

Was part of a civil affairs unit in a town in northern iraq.

An affair is a sexual relationship, romantic friendship, or passionate attachment between two people without the attached person's significant other knowing.

“you deny absolutely having purchased strychnine from albert mace onmonday last?”

My dad drove fast and was freaking out about having the truck impounded the entire time.

"i am sure i may follow his example," gimblet said, after looking at herfixedly for a moment. "so i will tell you that i believe i am on thepoint of discovering lord ashiel's missing will--and not that alone.somewhere, concealed probably within a few feet of where we are standing,we may hope to find other and far more important documents, involving,perhaps, not only the welfare of one or two individuals but that ofkings and nations. apart from that, and to speak of what most immediatelyconcerns us at present, i am convinced that within this stone will befound the true clue to the author of the murder."

So yesterday, or before it i noticed my phone was missing.

the caller took the chair which ayscough drew forward and sat down,throwing open his heavy overcoat, and revealing a whipcord riding-suitof light fawn beneath it.

It took everything in me to not lose control of my car.

Took is a variant of the English surname Tooke, originally found predominantly in the East Anglia region of the United Kingdom. 

gimblet took off his coat and threw it on to the bed. he put a foot uponone sleeve, and, stooping down, spread the other out in front of him asfar as it would go. then he stepped upon that one and twisted the coatround under him to repeat the process. in this way he arrived under thewindow without leaving any imprint of his boots upon the soft earth. oncethere he raised himself cautiously and peered into the room.

My ass is clenched, my gut is twisted up, and i'm doing all i can to drive safely (but quickly) to work.

"between you and me," he said, lowering his voice to a whisper, "i camearound here privately--on my own hook, you know. i should be sorry ifthis really is fixed on the young fellow--there's a mystery, but it maybe cleared up. now, he's gone off to find somebody who can prove thatthose rings really were his mother's. you, no doubt, know where he'sgone?"

Then i returned home and realized things were not fixed and were much worse than i thought.

ayscough followed him up to his room--once inside, and the door shut,lauriston tore open the letter from the magazine, and extracted aprinted form and a cheque for twenty guineas. he took one look at themand thrust them into the detective's hands.

I took a nice big drink, when i noticed it was warm and then i realized i had a mouthful of spit and tobacco bits.

Took is a variant of the English surname Tooke, originally found predominantly in the East Anglia region of the United Kingdom. 

"no, thanks awfully!" he answered. "i won't really--i must getback--i've such a lot of things to attend to. this is a very beautifulplace of yours," he went on, as harper, whose face had fallen at thevisitor's refusal, followed with his sister to where the motor-carwaited. "it might be a hundred miles from anywhere."

My sister recently had a baby and isn't able to leave her house very often due to taking care of the baby.

A sister is a woman or girl who shares one or more parents with another individual, a sibling. The male counterpart is a brother. Although the term typically refers to a familial relationship, it is sometimes used endearingly to refer to non-familial relationships. A full sister is a first degree relative.

"my share's been to see that the thing was up, and that if i wanted tosave them all, i'd best put a stop to it," rejoined addie, with a grimsmile. "i tell you, i didn't know what they'd been up to until today. iwas in england--never mind where--wondering what was going on. yesterdayi got a code message from my husband. when he fetched my father away fromyou, he forced him to tell where that gold was--then he wired to me--bywireless--full instructions to recover it during last night. i did--neveryou mind the exact means i took nor who it was that i got to help--i gotit--and i took good care to put it where i knew it would be safe. thenthis morning i went to meet the two of them at scarvell's cut. and i tookthe upper hand then! i got them away from that sail-loft--safely. i mademy husband give me a code message for the man in charge of the  pike ,telling him to return at once to scarhaven; i made my father write a noteto elkin at the bank, telling him to place the gold which i sent with itto the credit of the greyle estate. and when all that was done--i gotthem away--they're gone!"

My friend down the street was going on vacation and asked me to feed their cat while they were away.

“on the contrary. no. 1 were the finger-prints of monsieur lawrence.no. 2 were those of mademoiselle cynthia. they are not important. imerely obtained them for comparison. no. 3 is a little morecomplicated.”

Mmm, getting better but still needs a little more.

"you haven't mentioned this to anybody?" asked ayscough.

She then mentioned she forgot she was on her period.

he was closely watching zillah and melky as he gave this piece of news,and he was quick to see their utter astonishment. zillah turned to thesolicitor; melky slapped the table.

(my parents are watching me so i have to be fast.

“you do not quite take my meaning. you are known to be working with me.i want somebody who is not associated with us in any way.”

So we are trapped !


she tells me if i have any way to contact somebody.

"say," said dora, "isn't it exciting? 'something to your advantage!' justwhat they put in the agony column when they leave you a fortune. i betyour long-lost uncle in the west has kicked the bucket, and left you allhis ill-gotten gains. mark my words. you'll come back from england alovely heiress. i do wish the others would come in. there's no one in thehouse, except sir arthur."

I took out about a fifteen foot length of it and knocked out one of the cemented columns.

Akhilesh_no1

the folk who had been chiefly concerned about the orange-yellow diamondand the eighty thousand pounds' worth of bank of england notes were notso much troubled about proving the truth of yada's strange story asyada himself was--the main point to them was that they had recoveredtheir property. naturally they felt remarkably grateful to melkyrubinstein for his astuteness in circumventing yada at what might havebeen the last moment. and one day, at that portion of it when businesswas slack and everybody was feeling comfortable after dinner, melkycalled on mrs. goldmark and became confidentially closeted with her ina little parlour behind her establishment which she kept sacred toherself. mrs. goldmark, who had quick eyes, noticed that melky waswearing his best clothes, and a new silk hat, and new gloves, and hadput his feet into patent-leather boots which she secretly andsympathizingly--felt to be at least a size too small for him. he sighedas he sat near her on the sofa--and mrs. goldmark looked at him withconcern.

But when i think i'm finished and they've dried (i'm in a rush to catch the  bus), i place both feet in the shoes at the same time.

The foot (plural: feet) is an anatomical structure found in many vertebrates. It is the terminal portion of a limb which bears weight and allows locomotion. In many animals with feet, the foot is a separate organ at the terminal part of the leg made up of one or more segments or bones, generally including claws or nails.

 “he tried to bluster out of it, but i described to him so exactly what his actions had been upon that morning that he is convinced that i was watching him. of course you observed the peculiarly square toes in the impressions, and that his own boots exactly corresponded to them. again, of course no subordinate would have dared to do such a thing. i described to him how, when according to his custom he was the first down, he perceived a strange horse wandering over the moor. how he went out to it, and his astonishment at recognising, from the white forehead which has given the favourite its name, that chance had put in his power the only horse which could beat the one upon which he had put his money. then i described how his first impulse had been to lead him back to king’s pyland, and how the devil had shown him how he could hide the horse until the race was over, and how he had led it back and concealed it at mapleton. when i told him every detail he gave it up and thought only of saving his own skin.”

Iranians who gathered for a soccer match in tehran two days after the 9/11 attacks observed a moment of silence.

Observation is the active acquisition of information from a primary source. In living beings, observation employs the senses. In science, observation can also involve the perception and recording of data via the use of scientific instruments. The term may also refer to any data collected during the scientific activity. Observations can be qualitative, that is, only the absence or presence of a property is noted, or quantitative if a numerical value is attached to the observed phenomenon by counting or measuring.

 “now, if i could have done this without the knowledge of professor moriarty, all would have been well. but he was too wily for that. he saw every step which i took to draw my toils round him. again and again he strove to break away, but i as often headed him off. i tell you, my friend, that if a detailed account of that silent contest could be written, it would take its place as the most brilliant bit of thrust-and-parry work in the history of detection. never have i risen to such a height, and never have i been so hard pressed by an opponent. he cut deep, and yet i just undercut him. this morning the last steps were taken, and three days only were wanted to complete the business. i was sitting in my room thinking the matter over, when the door opened and professor moriarty stood before me.

I'm stood behind her as she's wrapping up the phone call, and give her a nice normal hug.

Stade (German pronunciation: [ˈʃtaːdə]), officially the Hanseatic City of Stade (German: Hansestadt Stade, Low German: Hansestadt Stood) is a city in Lower Saxony in northern Germany. First mentioned in records in 934, it is the seat of the district (Landkreis) which bears its name. It is located roughly 45 km (28 mi) to the west of Hamburg and belongs to that city's wider metropolitan region. Within the area of the city are the urban districts of Bützfleth, Hagen, Haddorf and Wiepenkathen, each of which have a council (Ortsrat) of their own with some autonomous decision-making rights.

he was closely watching zillah and melky as he gave this piece of news,and he was quick to see their utter astonishment. zillah turned to thesolicitor; melky slapped the table.

Unaware what was happening, i was closely studying the tv and concentrating on the adventurous film in front of us.

the clerk presently ushered in a short, thick-set, round-faced man,apparently of thirty to thirty-five years of age, whose chief personalcharacteristics lay in a pair of the smallest eyes ever set in a humancountenance and a mere apology for a nose. but both nose and eyescombined somehow to communicate an idea of profound inquiry as the roundface in which they were placed turned from the solicitor to the man fromlondon, and a podgy forefinger was lifted to a red forehead.

So this happened when i was like 10 or 11 years old.

A year is the orbital period of a planetary body, for example, the Earth, moving in its orbit around the Sun. Due to the Earth's axial tilt, the course of a year sees the passing of the seasons, marked by change in weather, the hours of daylight, and, consequently, vegetation and soil fertility. In temperate and subpolar regions around the planet, four seasons are generally recognized: spring, summer, autumn and winter. In tropical and subtropical regions, several geographical sectors do not present defined seasons; but in the seasonal tropics, the annual wet and dry seasons are recognized and tracked.

 we found our client still under the charge of his devoted nurse, but looking considerably better than before. he rose from the sofa and greeted us without difficulty when we entered.

With halloween closely approaching, we spent the better part of the day making our costumes for her brother's party next friday.

"no!" said the elder man, "i can't say. it's this way--we've a certainnumber of foreigners come here. there are few--just a few--chinese andjapanese--medical students, you know. now, some time ago--a couple ofyears ago--some of them asked us if we couldn't let them have three orfour rooms at the top of the house in which to start a sort of littleclub of their own, so that they could have a place for their meetings,you understand. they were all quiet, very respectable young fellows--sowe did. they have the top floor of this house. they furnished andfitted it up themselves. there's a separate entrance--at the side ofthe shop. each of them has a latch-key of his own. so they can go inand out as they like--they never bother us. but, as a matter of fact,there are only four or five of them who are members now--the othershave all left. that's the real truth--and i tell you i don't know ifmr. chang li might be up there or not. we know nothing about what theydo in their rooms--they're only our tenants."

She's a 25 year old college student, very respectable and polite.

 “she gave a violent start and a kind of gasping cry when i spoke, and that cry and start troubled me more than all the rest, for there was something indescribably guilty about them. my wife had always been a woman of a frank, open nature, and it gave me a chill to see her slinking into her own room, and crying out and wincing when her own husband spoke to her.

Holy shit, this reserved young catholic woman's first ever orgasm had an unintended audience.

A woman is an adult female human. Prior to adulthood, a female human is referred to as a girl (a female child or adolescent). The plural women is sometimes used in certain phrases such as "women's rights" to denote female humans regardless of age.

collingwood, anxious for nesta, was watching her closely, and now he sawher turn a startled and inquiring look on her mother, who, in her turn,dashed a surprised glance at eldrick. but if mrs. mallathorpe wassurprised, she was also indignant, or she simulated indignation, and shereplied to the solicitor's question with a sharp retort.

) we talked about the next day and how my life had come to this and so on, i even talked how i wasn't scared or anxious.

Anxiety is an emotion characterized by an unpleasant state of inner turmoil and includes subjectively unpleasant feelings of dread over anticipated events. It is often accompanied by nervous behavior such as pacing back and forth, somatic complaints, and rumination.Anxiety is a feeling of uneasiness and worry, usually generalized and unfocused as an overreaction to a situation that is only subjectively seen as menacing. It is often accompanied by muscular tension, restlessness, fatigue, inability to catch one's breath, tightness in the abdominal region, and problems in concentration. Anxiety is closely related to fear, which is a response to a real or perceived immediate threat; anxiety involves the expectation of future threat including dread. People facing anxiety may withdraw from situations which have provoked anxiety in the past.Though anxiety is a normal human response, when excessive or persisting beyond developmentally appropriate periods it may be diagnosed as an anxiety disorder. There are multiple forms of anxiety disorder (such as Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder) with specific clinical definitions. Part of the definition of an anxiety disorder, which distinguishes it from every day anxiety, is that it is persistent, typically lasting 6 months or more, although the criterion for duration is intended as a general guide with allowance for some degree of flexibility and is sometimes of shorter duration in children.

jerramy, thirty years' stage-door keeper at the theatre royal, norcaster,had come to regard each successive monday morning as a time for therenewal of old acquaintance. for at any rate forty-six weeks of thefifty-two, theatrical companies came and went at norcaster with unfailingregularity. the company which presented itself for patronage in the firstweek of april in one year was almost certain to present itself again inthe corresponding week of the next year. sometimes new faces came withit, but as a rule the same old favourites showed themselves for a goodmany years in succession. and every actor and actress who came tonorcaster knew jerramy. he was the first official person encountered onentering upon the business of the week. he it was who handed out thelittle bundles of letters and papers, who exchanged the first greetings,of whom one could make useful inquiries, who always knew exactly whatadvice to give about lodgings and landladies. from noon onwards ofmondays, when the newcomers began to arrive at the theatre for thecustomary one o'clock call for rehearsal, jerramy was invariably employedin hearing that he didn't look a day older, and was as blooming as ever,and sure to last another thirty years, and his reception alwaysculminated in a hearty handshake and genial greeting from the great manof the company, who, of course, after the fashion of magnates, alwaysturned up at the end of the irregular procession, and was not seldom latefor the fixture which he himself had made.

But let's rewind to this afternoon first.

Noon (or midday) is 12 o'clock in the daytime. It is written as 12 noon, 12:00 m. (for meridiem, literally 12:00 noon), 12 p.m. (for post meridiem, literally "after noon"), 12 pm, or 12:00 (using a 24-hour clock) or 1200 (military time).

 “you know my methods in such cases, watson. i put myself in the man’s place and, having first gauged his intelligence, i try to imagine how i should myself have proceeded under the same circumstances. in this case the matter was simplified by brunton’s intelligence being quite first-rate, so that it was unnecessary to make any allowance for the personal equation, as the astronomers have dubbed it. he knew that something valuable was concealed. he had spotted the place. he found that the stone which covered it was just too heavy for a man to move unaided. what would he do next? he could not get help from outside, even if he had some one whom he could trust, without the unbarring of doors and considerable risk of detection. it was better, if he could, to have his helpmate inside the house. but whom could he ask? this girl had been devoted to him. a man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman’s love, however badly he may have treated her. he would try by a few attentions to make his peace with the girl howells, and then would engage her as his accomplice. together they would come at night to the cellar, and their united force would suffice to raise the stone. so far i could follow their actions as if i had actually seen them.

So joe asks me to come wingman, and i agree cause i wanted to help my buddy out.

A man is an adult male human. Prior to adulthood, a male human is referred to as a boy (a male child or adolescent).

pratt was very well acquainted with the spot at which he stood. thoseold quarries had a certain picturesqueness. they had become grass-grown;ivy, shrubs, trees had clustered about them--the people who lived in thefew houses half a mile away, sometimes walked around them; the childrenmade a playground of the place: pratt himself had often gone into somequiet corner to read and smoke. and now his quick mind immediatelysuggested a safe hiding place for this thing that he could not carryaway with him, and dare not leave to the morning sun--close by was apit, formerly used for some quarrying purpose, which was filled, alwaysfilled, with water. it was evidently of considerable depth; the waterwas black in it; the mouth was partly obscured by a maze of shrub andbramble. it had been like that ever since pratt came to lodge in thatpart of the district--ten or twelve years before; it would probablyremain like that for many a long year to come. that bit of land wasabsolutely useless and therefore neglected, and as long as rain fell andwater drained, that pit would always be filled to its brim.

You see, the room was just dark enough that i figured it would be useless to scan my tan rug for a cookie that was the exact same color.

 one summer night, a few months after my marriage, i was seated by my own hearth smoking a last pipe and nodding over a novel, for my day’s work had been an exhausting one. my wife had already gone upstairs, and the sound of the locking of the hall door some time before told me that the servants had also retired. i had risen from my seat and was knocking out the ashes of my pipe when i suddenly heard the clang of the bell.

So like many stories on this thread this particular incident happened several years (six months) ago.

A month is a unit of time, used with calendars, that is approximately as long as a natural orbital period of the Moon; the words month and Moon are cognates. The traditional concept arose with the cycle of Moon phases; such lunar months ("lunations") are synodic months and last approximately 29.53 days. From excavated tally sticks, researchers have deduced that people counted days in relation to the Moon's phases as early as the Paleolithic age. Synodic months, based on the Moon's orbital period with respect to the Earth-Sun line, are still the basis of many calendars today, and are used to divide the year

the weather being calm and the grass and bracken which they heapedtogether as dry as tinder, there was little difficulty about raising athick column of smoke which presently rose high in the sky. but audrey,turning away from the successful result of their labours, suddenlyglanced at copplestone with a look that challenged an answer to her ownthoughts. they were standing a little apart from the others and shelowered her voice.

If that massive treasure trove of filth had taught me anything, it was that girls liked guys who do a little man-scaping.

 she touched a spring, and the front hinged back. there was a portrait within of a man strikingly handsome and intelligent-looking, but bearing unmistakable signs upon his features of his african descent.

Apparently, if your parent signs you in, you are supposed to let them know that you are one of the children of said parent.

"the present is much more important than the future, my friend,"answered parrawhite. "to me, at any rate. now, then, this is myproposal. i'll be with you when this lady calls at your place tomorrowevening. we'll offer her the will, to do what she likes with, for tenthousand pounds. she can find that--quickly. when she pays--as shewill!--we share, equally, and then--well, you can go to the devil! ishall go--somewhere else. so that's settled."

And after waiting i reach some old lady.

"put it down on that table and go," said the detective. he indicated alittle table by the door, and higgs hastily placed the letter on it andfled, with the uncomfortable sensation of having been sternly reproved.

A purple torrent of syrup and foam shoots four feet straight up, splattering on me, the table, the window, and the ceiling.

lauriston took the book in his hands. he had only glanced at itcasually before; now he examined it carefully, while melky stood at hiselbow, watching. the mysterious volume was certainly worthy of closeinspection--a small quarto, wonderfully bound in old dark crimsonmorocco leather, and ornamented on sides and back with curious goldarabesque work: a heavy clasp, also intricately wrought, held theboards together. lauriston, something of a book lover, whose naturalinclination was to spend his last shilling on a book rather than onbeef and bread, looked admiringly at this fine specimen of the binder'sart as he turned it over.

I messaged her on facebook (her new one, since she deleted her old one) because i was curious as to why she removed me.

Curiosity (from Latin cūriōsitās, from cūriōsus "careful, diligent, curious", akin to cura "care") is a quality related to inquisitive thinking such as exploration, investigation, and learning, evident by observation in humans and other animals. Curiosity is heavily associated with all aspects of human development, in which derives the process of learning and desire to acquire knowledge and skill.The term curiosity can also be used to denote the behavior or emotion of being curious, in regard to the desire to gain knowledge or information. Curiosity as a behavior and emotion is attributed over millennia as the driving force behind not only human development, but developments in science, language, and industry.

"no," replied the doctor, "they did not. i knew of course, from whatthey told me that mr. greyle had come off the  araconda  the nightbefore, and that he was passing on. no--i only gathered that they weregoing to the neighbourhood of norcaster from the fact that mr. greyleasked if a journey to that place would be too much for him--he saidwith a laugh, that over there in the united states a journey of fivehundred miles would be considered a mere jaunt! he was very plucky,poor fellow, but--"

I've [asked a question about buying replacement phones](http://www.

"it makes it very awkward for me," said mark. "i want to do the rightthing, but i'm hanged if i know what i ought to do. you see, my uncleused to say that he'd left his property between me and david; he nevermade any secret of it, and as a matter of fact i've had a communicationfrom his london lawyers, telling me they have a very old will, made wheni was a small boy, long before the birth of his son, and that everythingis left to me. there were reasons why he may have thought david would beprovided for--he was engaged to marry a very rich american, but shedropped him yesterday like a red-hot coal as soon as it began to look asif he'd be suspected. she's gone now, i'm glad to say. as a matter offact, if david can only be cleared of this horrible charge, i shallinsist on dividing my inheritance with him. that is, if i can't get missbyrne to take it, or miss mcconachan, as i ought to call her now."

Well it's no secret that arkham knight on pc is a disaster in terms of performance right now.

Secrecy is the practice of hiding information from certain individuals or groups who do not have the "need to know", perhaps while sharing it with other individuals. That which is kept hidden is known as the secret.

 “oh yes, it is most necessary. then these are your instructions, and i beg, my dear watson, that you will obey them to the letter, for you are now playing a double-handed game with me against the cleverest rogue and the most powerful syndicate of criminals in europe. now listen! you will dispatch whatever luggage you intend to take by a trusty messenger unaddressed to victoria to-night. in the morning you will send for a hansom, desiring your man to take neither the first nor the second which may present itself. into this hansom you will jump, and you will drive to the strand end of the lowther arcade, handing the address to the cabman upon a slip of paper, with a request that he will not throw it away. have your fare ready, and the instant that your cab stops, dash through the arcade, timing yourself to reach the other side at a quarter-past nine. you will find a small brougham waiting close to the curb, driven by a fellow with a heavy black cloak tipped at the collar with red. into this you will step, and you will reach victoria in time for the continental express.”

She asked me what i was doing for halloween, and i said not much, i was just going to be handing out cotton candy at the block party on my street.

A door is a hinged or otherwise movable barrier that allows ingress into and egress from an enclosure. The created opening in the wall is a doorway or portal. A door's essential and primary purpose is to provide security by controlling access to the doorway (portal). Conventionally, it is a panel that fits into the portal of a building, room, or vehicle. Doors are generally made of a material suited to the door's task. Doors are commonly attached by hinges, but can move by other means, such as slides or counterbalancing. 

there was little difficulty in this stage of the proceedings; it wasmerely a question of time, of visiting a central office and finding theman's name and address. by six o'clock in the morning ayscough was at asmall house in a shabby street in kentish town, interviewing a womanwho had just risen to light her fire, and was surlily averse to callingup a husband, who, she said, had not been in bed until nearly four. shewas not any more pleased when ayscough informed her of his professionalstatus--but the man was fetched down.

Bear in mind that i am a government security officer for a defense contractor.

“oh, yes,  mon ami , i would do what i say.” he got up and laid hishand on my shoulder. his physiognomy underwent a complete change. tearscame into his eyes. “in all this, you see, i think of that poor mrs.inglethorp who is dead. she was not extravagantly loved—no. but she wasvery good to us belgians—i owe her a debt.”

My first night with my first love was ruined because of my poor communication skills.

Poverty is the state of having little material possessions or income. Poverty can have diverse social, economic, and political causes and effects. When evaluating poverty in statistics or economics there are two main measures: Absolute poverty measures compare income against the amount needed to meet basic personal needs, such as food, clothing, and shelter. Relative poverty measures when a person cannot meet a minimum level of living standards, compared to others in the same time and place. Thus relative poverty is defined varies from one country to another, or from one society to another.Statistically, as of 2019, most people on the planet live in poverty: (in Purchasing Power Parity dollars) 85% live on less than $30 per day, two-thirds live on less than $10 per day, and 10% live on less than $1.90 per day (extreme poverty). Even when countries experience economic development, the poorest citizens of middle-income countries frequently do not gain an adequate share of their countries’ increased wealth to leave poverty. Governments and non-governmental organizations have experimented with a number of different policies and programs  for poverty alleviation, such as electrification in rural areas or housing first policies in urban areas. The international policy frameworks for poverty alleviation is summarized in Sustainable Development Goal 1: "No Poverty".

"now then, where?" he said. "dead, do you say?" he followed lauristoninto the parlour, uttered a sharp exclamation as he caught sight of therecumbent figure, and, bending down, laid a hand on the forehead."dead, right enough, my lad!" he muttered. "been dead some minutes,too. but--where's the girl--the grand-daughter? have you seen anybody?"

He posed that i should start by saying "hi" in her korean tongue, followed by the translation of "you look very nice today!" which i obliged.

 “you see you begin, ‘whereas, at about a quarter to one on tuesday morning an attempt was made,’ and so on. it was at a quarter to twelve, as a matter of fact.”

We were about three quarters of the way down the trail, when i realized it was time to drop a butt-nugget.

A quarter is one-fourth, ¼, 25% or 0.25.

"ah!" said prydale, with a glance at byner, who had already told him ofparrawhite's presence at the  green man  on the other side of the town,a good two miles away, at the hour which murgatroyd mentioned. "ah!--hewas here in your shop at half-past eight on the evening of november 23rdlast? asking about a ticket to america?"

He leaves then an hour later he shows back up with a girl and doesn't even acknowledge my presence.

 “and here at my elbow is another portrait, taken at liverpool, of your younger sister, in the company of a man who appears to be a steward by his uniform. i observe that she was unmarried at the time.”

He hits the water with a hard splash, and disappears from our sight.

"Appears" is a song recorded by Japanese recording artist Ayumi Hamasaki. It was released by Avex Trax on November 10, 1999 as the sixth single from her second studio album Loveppears (1999), which was released on the same day. Alongside this, it has been released in several other territories with different release dates under her Western alias Ayu. It also served as Hamasaki's first limited edition single, limiting physical sales to 300,000 copies. The track was written by Hamasaki herself, while production was handled by long-time collaborator Max Matsuura. Musically, "Appears" is a dance song written in third person perspective, and is about the third person watching what appears to be a happy and loving relationship. Upon its release, "Appears" received positive reviews from music critics. Alexey Eremenko, writing for AllMusic, selected the track as the best song from the album and her career. However, an editor from CD Journal criticized the amount of remixes on the CD single.

i don’t know what possessed me. her beauty, perhaps, as she sat there,with the sunlight glinting down on her head; perhaps the sense ofrelief at encountering someone who so obviously could have noconnection with the tragedy; perhaps honest pity for her youth andloneliness. anyway, i leant forward, and taking her little hand, i saidawkwardly:

She’s got this worried look on her face, and asks me what i’d been taking.

Eminent domain (United States, Philippines), land acquisition (India, Malaysia, Singapore), compulsory purchase/acquisition (Australia, New Zealand, Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom), resumption (Hong Kong, Uganda), resumption/compulsory acquisition (Australia, New Zealand, Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom), or expropriation (Brazil, Canada, Chile, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden) is the power of a state, provincial, or national government to take private property for public use. It does not include the power to take and transfer ownership of private property from one property owner to another private property owner without a valid public purpose. This power can be legislatively delegated by the state to municipalities, government subdivisions, or even to private persons or corporations, when they are authorized by the legislature to exercise the functions of public character.The most common uses of property taken by eminent domain have been for roads, government buildings and public utilities. Many railroads were given the right of eminent domain to obtain land or easements in order to build and connect rail networks. In the mid-20th century, a new application of eminent domain was pioneered, in which the government could take the property and transfer it to a private third party for redevelopment. This was initially done only to a property that has been deemed "blighted" or a "development impediment", on the principle that such properties had a negative impact upon surrounding property owners, but was later expanded to allow the taking of any private property when the new third-party owner could develop the property in such a way as to bring in increased tax revenues to the government.

nine o'clock brought the office-boy; a quarter-past nine brought theclerks; at ten o'clock eldrick walked in. according to custom, prattwent into eldrick's room with the letters, and went through them withhim. one of them contained a legal document over which the solicitorfrowned a little.

So not only was i illegally driving, but i had no documentation for the vehicle (its my moms).

Law is a system of rules created and enforced through social or governmental institutions to regulate behavior, with its precise definition a matter of longstanding debate. It has been variously described as a science and the art of justice. State-enforced laws can be made by a group legislature or by a single legislator, resulting in statutes; by the executive through decrees and regulations; or established by judges through precedent, usually in common law jurisdictions. Private individuals may create legally binding contracts, including arbitration agreements that adopt alternative ways of resolving disputes to standard court litigation. The creation of laws themselves may be influenced by a constitution, written or tacit, and the rights encoded therein. The law shapes politics, economics, history and society in various ways and serves as a mediator of relations between people.

the coroner glanced at the little knot of professional men in the rearof the witness-box and seemed to be debating within himself as towhether he wanted to ask dr. mirandolet any more questions. eventuallyhe turned again to him.

She is at work so i have the rest of the day to prepare for a pointless argument.

A man is an adult male human. Prior to adulthood, a male human is referred to as a boy (a male child or adolescent).

 “my friend ascended with the doctor to the chamber of death, while i remained in the study, turning the whole matter over and over in my head, and feeling as sombre as ever i had done in my life. what was the past of this trevor, pugilist, traveler, and gold-digger, and how had he placed himself in the power of this acid-faced seaman? why, too, should he faint at an allusion to the half-effaced initials upon his arm, and die of fright when he had a letter from fordingbridge? then i remembered that fordingbridge was in hampshire, and that this mr. beddoes, whom the seaman had gone to visit and presumably to blackmail, had also been mentioned as living in hampshire. the letter, then, might either come from hudson, the seaman, saying that he had betrayed the guilty secret which appeared to exist, or it might come from beddoes, warning an old confederate that such a betrayal was imminent. so far it seemed clear enough. but then how could this letter be trivial and grotesque, as described by the son? he must have misread it. if so, it must have been one of those ingenious secret codes which mean one thing while they seem to mean another. i must see this letter. if there were a hidden meaning in it, i was confident that i could pluck it forth. for an hour i sat pondering over it in the gloom, until at last a weeping maid brought in a lamp, and close at her heels came my friend trevor, pale but composed, with these very papers which lie upon my knee held in his grasp. he sat down opposite to me, drew the lamp to the edge of the table, and handed me a short note scribbled, as you see, upon a single sheet of grey paper. ‘the supply of game for london is going steadily up,’ it ran. ‘head-keeper hudson, we believe, has been now told to receive all orders for fly paper and for preservation of your hen pheasant’s life.’

On the last day before we left i had the ingenious idea of playing g hide and seek in their large backyard.

“what?” cried poirot, in apparently lively astonishment. “dr.bauerstein arrested for the murder of mrs. inglethorp?”

It's a very lively place that sells a bit of everything, including some pretty tasty breakfast and lunch items.

he was so entirely engrossed in an honest endeavour to adjust correctlythe balance of probabilities, as to remain unconscious that the lift hadstopped at the ground floor, and it was not until the boy who was incharge had twice informed him of the fact, that he roused himself with aneffort and left the building.

We were then accused of shoplifting and loitering, and were told to leave.

copplestone followed the business manager up the passage to adressing-room, in which a little elderly man was engaged in unpackingtrunks and dress-baskets. he looked up expectantly at the sound offootsteps; then looked down again at the work in hand and went silentlyon with it.

The internet wasn't working so i went to restart the modem, which is located in my grandma's room.

"i've little to leave there," replied collingwood. "my father and motherare dead, and i've no brothers, no sisters--no very near relations.sounds lonely, doesn't it?"

I replied truthfully with "yeah, that doesn't help at all.

again he looked at the newcomer with a smiling interest, thinkingsecretly that he was a very youthful and ingenuous being to have writtena play which bassett oliver, a shrewd critic, and by no means easy toplease, had been eager to accept, and was about to produce. mr. richardcopplestone, seen in the flesh, looked very young indeed, and veryunlike anything in the shape of a professional author. in fact he verymuch reminded stafford of the fine and healthy young man whom one seeson the playing fields, and certainly does not associate with pen andink. that he was not much used to the world on whose edge he just thenstood stafford gathered from a boyish trick of blushing through the tanof his cheeks.

Then he gathered up roaches from his infestation and shipped them to me.

she went out of the inn, laughing and chattering, but once outside shesuddenly became serious, and she involuntarily laid her hand oncopplestone's arm as they turned down the hillside towards the quay.

I used to shoot on a target, but we just left it outside and eventually the elements did their thing, and it pretty much rotted.

his matter-of-fact voice soothed and reassured her. this littlegrey-haired man, sitting at her side, was somehow a very comfortablecompanion to one whose nerves were badly overwrought. juliet pulledherself together.

So i had the good idea to take some of my legal medically prescribed anxiety and sleep medicine to help calm my jittery nerves and get some sleep.

A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of fibers (called axons) in the peripheral nervous system. 

 “i have made inquiries,” said the inspector. “william received a letter by the afternoon post yesterday. the envelope was destroyed by him.”

Then my face started to itch, and i’m now starting to worry that the floor with be destroyed or bleached.

 “it was all still and quiet upon the ground floor. in the kitchen a kettle was singing on the fire, and a large black cat lay coiled up in the basket; but there was no sign of the woman whom i had seen before. i ran into the other room, but it was equally deserted. then i rushed up the stairs, only to find two other rooms empty and deserted at the top. there was no one at all in the whole house. the furniture and pictures were of the most common and vulgar description, save in the one chamber at the window of which i had seen the strange face. that was comfortable and elegant, and all my suspicions rose into a fierce bitter flame when i saw that on the mantelpiece stood a copy of a full-length photograph of my wife, which had been taken at my request only three months ago.

Me being the little f*ck that i was tried to pin the idea on b, him being an equally odious little piece of shit tried to pin it on me.

“i’m sorry, sir, but it’s clean gone. i don’t think i can have noticedit.”

I clean it immediately and nobody would ever know there had been semen on the kitchen floor.

 “you wish to employ me as a consulting detective?”

Over the next week or so, she would say how much she liked me and how she wished we were closer.

A wish is a hope or desire for something. In fiction, wishes can be used as plot devices. In folklore, opportunities for "making a wish" or for wishes to "come true" or "be granted" are themes that are sometimes used.

"why, ain't i?" exclaimed melky, gathering courage. "don't you see i'min all my best clothes? ain't it nothing but weddings, just now?there's mr. lauriston a-going to marry zillah, and mr. purdie'sa-fixing it up with levendale's governess, and--oh, mrs. goldmark,ain't i worshipped you every time i come to eat my dinner in youreating house? ain't you the loveliest woman in all paddington. say theword, mrs. goldmark--don't you see i'm like as if i was that hungry icould eat you?"

And i gradually came to a rude awakening - the dirty carpet outside in the hall would become my new home, in a t shirt, boxers, barefoot, no phone.

the inner room of the police-station, at ten o'clock that morning, wasfull of men. purdie, coming there with lauriston at five minutes beforethe hour, found melky rubinstein hanging about the outer door, and hadonly just time to warn his companion to keep silence as to theirmidnight discovery before guyler and john purvis drove up in one caband mr. killick in another. inside, ayscough, refreshed by hisbreakfast and an hour's rest, was talking to the inspector and the manfrom new scotland yard--all these looked enquiringly at the group whichpresently crowded in on them.

So i rush into the doctor's office and ask to go to the bathroom.

In a building, a room is any space enclosed within a number of walls to which entry is possible only by a door or other dividing structure that connects it either to a passageway, to another room, or to the outdoors, that is large enough for several persons to move about, and whose size, fixtures, furnishings, and sometimes placement within the building support the activity to be conducted in it.

the reiteration of the word murdered appeared to yield the detectivesome sort of satisfaction--but it apparently made no particularimpression on the japanese. again he rapped out one word.

Imagine there are a bunch of small swords inside your legs, but you can't feel them.

In linguistics, a word of a spoken language can be defined as the smallest sequence of phonemes that can be uttered in isolation with objective or practical meaning. In many languages, words also correspond to sequences of graphemes ("letters") in their standard writing systems that are delimited by spaces wider than the normal inter-letter space, or by other graphical conventions. The concept of "word" is usually distinguished from that of a morpheme, which is the smallest unit of word which has a meaning, even if it will not stand on its own together or in other small words.

the widow was a cool hand, certainly, he thought, to come to him andpropose he should steal for her what she wanted; but the fact of herhaving done so made it on the whole improbable that she was a thief, orshe would not have had need of him. she was certainly a person ofquestionable principles, and it seemed likely that in one way or anothera theft would be committed through her agency, if not by herself, assoon as the opportunity presented itself. she was, in fact, a woman onwhom the police might do worse than keep an eye; but, reflected gimblet,he was not the police, and the dishonesty of this scheming widow wasreally no concern of his. as he reached his door, a postman was leavingit, and two or three letters had been pushed through the flap. he lethimself in and took them out of the box. they were not of greatimportance. a bill, an appeal for a subscription to some charity, acouple of advertisements and the catalogue of a sale of pictures inwhich he was interested. he turned over the leaves slowly, holding thepamphlet sideways from time to time to look at the photographs whichillustrated some of the principal lots.

Although a while back i was fairly sure an adult man was teaching kids how to steal here.

the mention of that paper had excited collingwood's curiosity. herapidly summed up what he had learned. his grandfather had found apaper, closely written upon, in a book which had been the property ofjohn mallathorpe, deceased. the discovery had surprised him, for he hadgiven voice to an exclamation of what was evidently astonishment. he hadput the paper in his pocket. then he had written a letter--to mrs.mallathorpe of normandale grange. when his shop-boy had posted thatletter, he himself had gone out--to his solicitor. what, askedcollingwood, was the reasonable presumption? the old man had gone toeldrick to show him the paper which he had found.

I was surprised to find them all on, from the window next to the front door.

Surprise (pronunciation ) is a brief mental and physiological state, a startle response experienced by animals and humans as the result of an unexpected event. Surprise can have any valence; that is, it can be neutral/moderate, pleasant, unpleasant, positive, or negative. Surprise can occur in varying levels of intensity ranging from very-surprised, which may induce the fight-or-flight response, or little-surprise that elicits a less intense response to the stimuli.

“in fact, during the whole afternoon, you were only alone for a coupleof minutes, and it happened—i say, it happened—to be during those twominutes that you displayed your ‘natural interest’ in hydro-chloride ofstrychnine?”

Picasso painted a picture on the hood of my girlfriend taking a stroll to the sausage house and displayed it for her dad.

A display device is an output device for presentation of information in visual or tactile form (the latter used for example in tactile electronic displays for blind people). When the input information that is supplied has an electrical signal the display is called an electronic display.

 “‘tut, you will find that i have not forgotten old times,’ cried mr. trevor, and, walking towards the sailor, he said something in a low voice. ‘go into the kitchen,’ he continued out loud, ‘and you will get food and drink. i have no doubt that i shall find you a situation.’

I didn’t mention i had already said yes (i honestly didn’t think it was that big of a deal at the time, given it was only a verbal).

Saʽid (Arabic: سعيد‎ Saʽīd), also spelled Saʽeid, Said, Saïd, Sid, Saeed or Sayid, is a male Arabic given name which means "blessed (in Quranic Classical Arabic), good luck, joy" or "happy, patient". The name stems from the Arabic verb sa‘ada (سَعَدَ - 'to be happy, fortunate or lucky').

sir arthur had by this time developed a blind faith in sir ronaldtompkins and did not dream of ignoring his suggestion. he threw over allthe engagements he had made since arriving in england; packed his trunksonce more; and, if he did not actually leave the country until two orthree days later, it was only because he was not able to get a sleepingberth on the night express at such short notice.

And i started getting comfortable with the idea to have someone to talk with(i am a little preserved aswell,i dont have many friends,only 2 exactly).

juliet did not wait to examine these fragments, interesting though theymight be to archaeologists, but hurried down the passage as quickly asshe could in the darkness that filled it, feeling her way with anoutstretched hand upon the stones on either side. as her eyes becameaccustomed to the obscurity, she saw that though the way was dark it wasyet not entirely so: a gloomy light penetrated at intervals throughivy-covered loopholes pierced in the thickness of the outer wall; and sheimagined bygone mcconachans pouring boiling oil or other hospitablegreeting through those slits on to the heads of their neighbours. butsurely, she reflected, no one would ever have attacked the castle fromthat side, where the precipice already offered an impregnable defence;the passage must have been used as a means of communication with theouter world, or, perhaps, as a last resort, for the purpose of escape bythe beleaguered forces.

I just filled my cup before walking out of pita pit downtown.

first of all, the will was a good will. nothing could upset it. it wasabsolutely valid. it was not couched in the terms which a solicitorwould have employed, but it clearly and plainly expressed johnmallathorpe's intentions and meanings in respect to the disposal of hisproperty. nothing could be clearer. the properly appointed trustees wereto realize his estate. they were to distribute it according to hisspecified instructions. it was all as plain as a pikestaff. pratt, whowas a good lawyer, knew what the probate court would say to that will ifit were ever brought up before it, as he did, a quite satisfactory will.and it was validly executed. hundreds of people, competent to do so,could swear to john mallathorpe's signature; hundreds to gaukrodger's;thousands to marshall's--who as cashier was always sending his signaturebroadcast. no, there was nothing to do but to put that into the hands ofthe trustees named in it, and then....

I go to the restroom to take 5 or 6 viagra pills for good measure since 2 had no effect of me and then stall for 20 minutes or so before leaving.

In most contexts, the concept of good denotes the conduct that should be preferred when posed with a choice between possible actions. Good is generally considered to be the opposite of evil, and is of interest in the study of morality, ethics, religion and philosophy. The specific meaning and etymology of the term and its associated translations among ancient and contemporary languages show substantial variation in its inflection and meaning depending on circumstances of place, history, religious or philosophical context.

the house-surgeon reflected for a moment--then he suddenly drew out asmall memorandum book from an inner pocket.

Then, campus security (a couple guys) suddenly surrounded us, well, him.

"not half so valuable as what i'm going to tell you," replied mr.killick, with a dry chuckle, "now, as i understand it, from young mr.purdie's account, you're all greatly excited at present over theundoubted connection with this praed street mystery of one mr. spencerlevendale, who is, i believe, a very rich man, a resident in one of thebest parts of this district, and a member of parliament. it wouldappear from all you've discovered, amongst you, up to now, that spencerlevendale has been privately mixed up with old daniel multenius in somebusiness which seems to be connected with south africa. now, attend towhat i say:--about the time that i knew daniel molteno in houndsditch,daniel molteno had a partner--a junior partner, whose name, however,didn't appear over the shop. he was a much younger man than daniel--infact, he was quite a young man--i should say he was then abouttwenty-three or four--not more. he was of medium height, dark,typically jewish, large dark eyes, olive skin, good-looking, smart,full of go. and his name--the name i knew him by--was sam levin." theother men in the room glanced at each other--and one of them softlymurmured what all was thinking.

So i was at my local climbing gym, and talking to one of the guys down there who i know half well and in conversation he revealed he did magic.

One half is the irreducible fraction resulting from dividing one by two (2) or the fraction resulting from dividing any number by its double. Multiplication by one half is equivalent to division by two, or "halving"; conversely, division by one half is equivalent to multiplication by two, or "doubling". One half often appears in mathematical equations, recipes, measurements, etc. Half can also be said to be one part of something divided into two equal parts.

"hush, my dear!" he whispered. "not a word--don't want your mother toknow! listen--have you a specimen--letter--anything--of your cousin, thesquire's handwriting? anything so long as it's his. you have? give it tome--say nothing to your mother. wait until tomorrow morning. i'll runover to see you again--about noon. it's important--but silence!"

We've been together nearly three years, figured even though we set a limit like always, i wanted to spend the money to make her happy.

The idea of want can be examined from many perspectives. In secular societies want might be considered similar to the emotion desire, which can be studied scientifically through the disciplines of psychology or sociology. Want might also be examined in economics as a necessary ingredient in sustaining and perpetuating capitalist societies that are organised around principles like consumerism. Alternatively want can be studied in a non-secular, spiritual, moralistic or religious way, particularly by Buddhism but also Christianity, Islam and Judaism.

in a few moments he had unbarred the door, and i followed him up to hisroom. there he installed me in a chair, and i related the whole story,keeping back nothing, and omitting no circumstance, howeverinsignificant, whilst he himself made a careful and deliberate toilet.

I want to ask her so many more questions, there are so many moments that i'm turning around in my mind.

 “as you can imagine, i was utterly taken aback by such an address. my companion was a powerful, broad-shouldered young fellow, and, apart from the weapon, i should not have had the slightest chance in a struggle with him.

Molten plastic bonding with your skin is not at all pleasant, not in the slightest.

"two or three days--more or less," answered lauriston. "you see, i'vebeen expecting money for more than a week--that was it."

I was expecting a package so i was hoping to god that they'd just knock and leave the package there.

"it is not convenient for me to stay in london just now," he went onafter a minute, "and i am sure you must find it very disagreeable at thistime of the year; and yet it is very important that i should see more ofyou. it is, in fact, part of the conditions under which i may be able toreveal these family secrets of yours to you. that is to say, if theyshould turn out to be indeed yours. i came up from the highlands lastnight. i have a place on the west coast, where at this moment i have aparty of people staying with me for shooting. my sister is entertainingthem in my absence, but i must get back to my duties of host. what i wantto suggest is that you should pay us a visit at inverashiel."

I went home and used my computer to recover the pictures on the sd card, luckily i was able to recover them.

"just so," agreed stafford. "mr. oliver," he continued, turning tocopplestone, "is a great lover of outdoor life. on sundays, when we'retravelling from one town to another, he likes to do the journey bymotor--alone. in a case like this, where the two towns are not very farapart, it's his practice to find out if there's any particular beautyspot or place of interest between them, and to spend his sunday there. idaresay that's what he did yesterday. you see, all last week we were atnorthborough. that, like norcaster, is a coast town--there's fifty milesbetween them. if he followed out his usual plan he'd probably hire amotor-car and follow the coast-road, and if he came to any place that wasof special interest, he'd stop there. but--in the usual way ofthings--he'd have turned up at his rooms at the 'angel' hotel here lastnight. he didn't--and he hasn't turned up here, either. so where is he?"

From the living room i heard an explosive splattering sound, followed by a faint *"oh my god.

 “‘in a most extraordinary fashion. a letter arrived for my father yesterday evening, bearing the fordingbridge postmark. my father read it, clapped both his hands to his head, and began running round the room in little circles like a man who has been driven out of his senses. when i at last drew him down on to the sofa, his mouth and eyelids were all puckered on one side, and i saw that he had a stroke. dr. fordham came over at once. we put him to bed; but the paralysis has spread, he has shown no sign of returning consciousness, and i think that we shall hardly find him alive.’

White bread binds me up big time, like quick dry cement.

In English, the word like has a very flexible range of uses, ranging from conventional to non-standard. It can be used as a noun, verb, adverb, adjective, preposition, particle, conjunction, hedge, filler, and quotative.

"then in that case," he said dryly, "all the lawyers in the world can'thelp. it's his--absolutely--and he can do what he pleases with it. fivehundred years, you say? remarkable!--that a man should want to sell landhis forefathers have walked over for half a thousand years!extraordinary!"

It was your man by josh turner (i'll link the music video in the comments cause idk how to in the text).

A man is an adult male human. Prior to adulthood, a male human is referred to as a boy (a male child or adolescent).

 “mrs. barclay was, it appears, a member of the roman catholic church, and had interested herself very much in the establishment of the guild of st. george, which was formed in connection with the watt street chapel for the purpose of supplying the poor with cast-off clothing. a meeting of the guild had been held that evening at eight, and mrs. barclay had hurried over her dinner in order to be present at it. when leaving the house she was heard by the coachman to make some commonplace remark to her husband, and to assure him that she would be back before very long. she then called for miss morrison, a young lady who lives in the next villa, and the two went off together to their meeting. it lasted forty minutes, and at a quarter-past nine mrs. barclay returned home, having left miss morrison at her door as she passed.

One of my friends, thomas, was telling me during break about how his dad was reading this great book to him called harry potter.

"3. bartle dies suddenly--after telling pratt that the paper is johnmallathorpe's will. pratt steals the will. and the probability is thatparrawhite, unknown to pratt, was in that office, and saw him steal it.why is that probable? because--

Not sure if that is because we are classmates, or he saw the naked pictures.

A saw is a tool consisting of a tough blade, wire, or chain with a hard toothed edge. It is used to cut through material, very often wood though sometimes metal or stone. The cut is made by placing the toothed edge against the material and moving it forcefully forth and less forcefully back or continuously forward. This force may be applied by hand, or powered by steam, water, electricity or other power source. An abrasive saw has a powered circular blade designed to cut through metal or ceramic.

"because he knew where the key was. i took it out of my pocket when wewere alone in the smoking-room before going up to bed, and asked him whati should do with it.

So now the whole store knew about our little fling.

pratt came out of his stupor much sooner than esther mawson had reckonedon. according to her previous experiments with the particular drug whichshe had administered to him, he ought to have remained in a profound andan undisturbed slumber until at least five o'clock. but he woke atfour--woke suddenly, sharply, only conscious at first of a terrible painin his head, which kept him groaning and moaning in his chair for aminute or two before he fairly realized where he was and what hadhappened. as the pain became milder and gave way to a dull throbbing anda general sense of discomfort, he looked round out of aching eyes andsaw the bottle of sherry. and so dull were his wits that his onlythought at first was that the wine had been far stronger than he hadknown, and that he had drunk far too much of it, and that it had senthim to sleep--and just then his wandering glance fell on some paperswhich esther mawson had taken from one of his pockets and thrown asideas of no value.

Recently​ i gave myself a hemorrhoid by shitting too hard or however it is you get hemorrhoids, and it has been the worst experience of my life.

even when david, relenting a little, though still reluctant to showit, grunted surlily, "none of you cavalry soldiers are safe with agun." mark did not, as he would generally have done, deny theaccusation resentfully, but displayed an astonishing meekness, whichproved how clearly he saw himself to be in the wrong. juliet, who hadsometimes thought him rather selfish--a fault he shared with manyothers of his kind, and one perhaps almost unavoidable in attractiveonly sons--was touched by his unusual humility, and treated the matterlightly, doing all she could to cheer him up and restore to him hisgood opinion of himself.

The nurse commented that the blue did indeed look a lot like bruising, but how unusual it was to see something like that.

half-an-hour later, when vickers regained the top of the cliff and oncemore looked across the island towards the far-off point, the figure whichhe had previously seen making for it had turned back, and was ploddingsteadily across the coarse grass and rock-strewn moorland in his owndirection. chatfield had evidently taken a bird's eye view of thesituation from the vantage point of the slope and had come to theconclusion that the higher part of the island was the most likely pointfrom which to attract attention. he came steadily forward, a big,lumbering figure in the light mist, and vickers as he went on to meet himeyed him with a lively curiosity, wondering what secrets lay carefullylocked up in the man's heart and what happened on the  pike  that madeits captain or its owner bundle chatfield out of it like a box of badgoods for which there was no more use. and as he speculated, they met,and vickers saw at once that the old fellow's mood had changed during thenight. an atmosphere of smug oiliness sat upon chatfield in the freshnessof the morning, and he greeted the young solicitor in tones which weresuggestive of a chastened spirit.

My dad came home to see us like this at the edge of my bed in front of the tv, and asked why we were like that.

A came is a divider bar used between small pieces of glass to make a larger glazing panel.

 “i am afraid that whatever theory we state has very grave objections to it,” returned my companion. “the police imagine, i take it, that this fitzroy simpson, having drugged the lad, and having in some way obtained a duplicate key, opened the stable door and took out the horse, with the intention, apparently, of kidnapping him altogether. his bridle is missing, so that simpson must have put this on. then, having left the door open behind him, he was leading the horse away over the moor, when he was either met or overtaken by the trainer. a row naturally ensued. simpson beat out the trainer’s brains with his heavy stick without receiving any injury from the small knife which straker used in self-defence, and then the thief either led the horse on to some secret hiding-place, or else it may have bolted during the struggle, and be now wandering out on the moors. that is the case as it appears to the police, and improbable as it is, all other explanations are more improbable still. however, i shall very quickly test the matter when i am once upon the spot, and until then i cannot really see how we can get much further than our present position.”

So i head by and its open! impressed by the change of fate, my heart is racing and what little brains i had working were now laser focussed.

A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals. It is located in the head, usually close to the sensory organs for senses such as vision. It is the most complex organ in a vertebrate's body. In a human, the cerebral cortex contains approximately 14–16 billion neurons, and the estimated number of neurons in the cerebellum is 55–70 billion. Each neuron is connected by synapses to several thousand other neurons. These neurons typically communicate with one another by means of long fibers called axons, which carry trains of signal pulses called action potentials to distant parts of the brain or body targeting specific recipient cells.

“well, my friend, i saw there was just one chance. i was not sure thenif inglethorp was the criminal or not, but if he was i reasoned that hewould not have the paper on him, but would have hidden it somewhere,and by enlisting the sympathy of the household i could effectuallyprevent his destroying it. he was already under suspicion, and bymaking the matter public i secured the services of about ten amateurdetectives, who would be watching him unceasingly, and being himselfaware of their watchfulness he would not dare seek further to destroythe document. he was therefore forced to depart from the house, leavingit in the spill vase.”

About an hour ago i had just woken up and saw that i had several missed messages on facebook.

A saw is a tool consisting of a tough blade, wire, or chain with a hard toothed edge. It is used to cut through material, very often wood though sometimes metal or stone. The cut is made by placing the toothed edge against the material and moving it forcefully forth and less forcefully back or continuously forward. This force may be applied by hand, or powered by steam, water, electricity or other power source. An abrasive saw has a powered circular blade designed to cut through metal or ceramic.

"i want a bath more than anything," he said. and then, taking pity on herdistress, "i wouldn't worry myself too much about sir david's safety if iwere you," he added, looking at her with a very kind, friendly light inhis eyes. but as she exclaimed joyfully and pressed him to be moreexplicit, his look changed to one of admonition, and he held a finger tohis lips. "not a word to a living soul, whoever it may be," he cautionedher, "and be careful not to show any hope you may be so optimistic as tofeel," he added, smiling, "or you may ruin the whole thing. this is avery dark and dangerous affair, and the less it is spoken about, evenbetween friends, the better."

Then i saw it and i swear i wanted to fucking kill myself.

The idea of want can be examined from many perspectives. In secular societies want might be considered similar to the emotion desire, which can be studied scientifically through the disciplines of psychology or sociology. Want might also be examined in economics as a necessary ingredient in sustaining and perpetuating capitalist societies that are organised around principles like consumerism. Alternatively want can be studied in a non-secular, spiritual, moralistic or religious way, particularly by Buddhism but also Christianity, Islam and Judaism.

"and so--you took your watch to the pawnshop. and--yesterday--yourexpected money not having arrived, you were obliged to visit thepawnshop again? taking with you, you said just now, two rings--your ownproperty. am i correct?"

He told me she was having brain surgery to remove something.

no one ever went near those old rooms except on some special errand orbusiness, and there was a dead silence all around her as she turned thekey in the lock and slipped inside the door--to lock it again as soon asshe had entered. there was an equally deep silence within the room--andfor a moment she glanced a little fearfully at the recumbent figure inthe old, deep-backed chair. pratt had stretched himself fully in hiseasy quarters---his legs lay extended across the moth-eaten hearth-rug;his head and shoulders were thrown far back against the faded tapestry,and he was so still that he might have been supposed to be dead. butesther mawson had tried the effect of that particular drug on a goodmany people, and she knew that the victim in this instance was merelyplunged in a sleep from which nothing whatever could wake him yetawhile. and after one searching glance at him, and one lifting of aneyelid by a practised finger, she went rapidly and thoroughly throughpratt's pockets, and within a few minutes of entering the room hadcleared them of everything they contained. the sealed packet which hehad taken from his safe that morning; the bank-notes which mrs.murgatroyd had returned in her indignant letter; another roll of notes,of considerable value, in a note-case; a purse containing notes and goldto a large amount--all those she laid one by one on a dust-coveredtable. and finally--and as calmly as if she were sorting linen--sheswept bank-notes, gold, and purse into her steel-chained bag, and toreopen the sealed envelope.

Not long after amy had left, we went up to my room.

Went can mean:

by a diligent search in directories and reference books early thatmorning, purdie and lauriston had managed to trace mr. edward killick,who, having been at one time a well-known solicitor in the city, hadfollowed the practice of successful men and retired to enjoy the fruitof his labours in a nice little retreat in the country. mr. killick hadselected the delightful old-world village of stanmore as the scene ofhis retirement, and there, in a picturesque old house, set in the midstof fine trees and carefully trimmed lawns, purdie and lauriston foundhim--a hale and hearty old gentleman, still on the right side ofseventy, who rose from his easy chair in a well-stocked library to lookin astonishment from the two cards which his servant had carried to himat the persons and faces of their presenters.

"

the room went so silent so quick, that i could hear the "thud" of their faces going serious.

The face is the front of an animal's head that features three of the head's sense organs, the eyes, nose, and mouth, and through which animals express many of their emotions. The face is crucial for human identity, and damage such as scarring or developmental deformities affects the psyche adversely.

“and why would it not be easy? i will tell you, my friend: because theyare both clean-shaven men. to make up successfully as one of these twoin broad daylight, it would need an actor of genius, and a certaininitial facial resemblance. but in the case of alfred inglethorp, allthat is changed. his clothes, his beard, the glasses which hide hiseyes—those are the salient points about his personal appearance. now,what is the first instinct of the criminal? to divert suspicion fromhimself, is it not so? and how can he best do that? by throwing it onsomeone else. in this instance, there was a man ready to his hand.everybody was predisposed to believe in mr. inglethorp’s guilt. it wasa foregone conclusion that he would be suspected; but, to make it asure thing there must be tangible proof—such as the actual buying ofthe poison, and that, with a man of the peculiar appearance of mr.inglethorp, was not difficult. remember, this young mace had neveractually spoken to mr. inglethorp. how should he doubt that the man inhis clothes, with his beard and his glasses, was not alfredinglethorp?”

If i had my passport, i would have run for the border, grown a beard and changed my identity.

A beard is the hair that grows on the jaw, chin, upper lip, lower lip, cheeks, and neck of humans and some non-human animals. In humans, usually pubescent or adult males are able to grow beards. Some women with hirsutism, a hormonal condition of excessive hairiness, may develop a beard.

"confound it all, chatfield!" he suddenly burst out. "why don't you mindwhat you're saying? it's all very well, audrey, but you shouldn't havecome along here--especially with strangers. the fact is, i'm so upsetabout this oliver affair that i'm going to have a thorough search andexamination of the keep and the ruins, and, of course, we can't allow anyone inside the grounds while it's going on. you should have kept tochatfield's orders--"

Then the green hell began to swallow us.

his words gave me an unpleasant shock. miss howard’s evidence,unimportant as it was, had been given in such a downrightstraightforward manner that it had never occurred to me to doubt hersincerity. still, i had a great respect for poirot’s sagacity—except onthe occasions when he was what i described to myself as “foolishlypig-headed.”

I've lost what little self respect i had for myself.

Respect, also called esteem, is a positive feeling or action shown towards someone or something considered important or held in high esteem or regard. It conveys a sense of admiration for good or valuable qualities. It is also the process of honoring someone by exhibiting care, concern, or consideration for their needs or feelings.Some people may earn the respect of individuals by assisting others or by playing important social roles. In many cultures, individuals are considered to be worthy of respect until they prove otherwise. Courtesies that show respect may include simple words and phrases like "Thank you" in the West or "Namaste" in the Indian subcontinent, or simple physical signs like a slight bow, a smile, direct eye contact, or a simple handshake; however, those acts may have very different interpretations, depending on the cultural context.

 but it was only for a moment that we were at fault. at one corner, the corner nearest the room which we had left, there was a second door. holmes sprang to it and pulled it open. a coat and waistcoat were lying on the floor, and from a hook behind the door, with his own braces round his neck, was hanging the managing director of the franco-midland hardware company. his knees were drawn up, his head hung at a dreadful angle to his body, and the clatter of his heels against the door made the noise which had broken in upon our conversation. in an instant i had caught him round the waist, and held him up while holmes and pycroft untied the elastic bands which had disappeared between the livid creases of skin. then we carried him into the other room, where he lay with a clay-coloured face, puffing his purple lips in and out with every breath—a dreadful wreck of all that he had been but five minutes before.

I carefully clinged to the top and positioned my legs on the other side and started to get down, but the top of my hoodie was caught on the fence.

Caught is a method of dismissing a batsman in cricket. A batsman is out caught if the batsman hits the ball, from a legitimate delivery, with the bat, and the ball is caught by the bowler or a fielder before it hits the ground.

the hand-carriage was spinning away before us at a most indecorous pacefor an invalid vehicle, and was making most irregular curves upon thesand.  mr. slinkton, noticing it after he had put his handkerchief to hiseyes, said:

As the snot had to go somewhere, i didn't have any tissues or a handkerchief, so i had to catch and wipe every globule of mucus in my hand.

A handkerchief (; also called a hankie or, historically, a handkercher) is a form of a kerchief or bandanna, typically a hemmed square of thin fabric which can be carried in the pocket or handbag, and which is intended for personal hygiene purposes such as wiping one's hands or face, or blowing one's nose. A handkerchief is also sometimes used as a purely decorative accessory in a suit pocket; it is then called a pocket square. It is also an important accessory in many folk-dances in many regions like the Balkans and the Middle East; an example of a folk-dance using handkerchiefs is Kalamatianos.

"aught you please," answered pratt, indifferently. "throw 'em on thedust-heap."

I answered it and on the other line was a woman who asked who i was.

Beggars is the seventh studio album by American rock band Thrice. It was released digitally through Vagrant Records in the UK on August 9, 2009 and in the US on August 11, 2009. A physical release containing bonus material was released on September 15, 2009.

"the next thing i remember was looking up into the anxious friendly faceof andrew campbell, one of the ghillies at inverashiel. it seemed to behanging above me in the sky, which was the only other thing i could see,and i wondered vaguely why i saw it upside down. my head was achingcruelly and i couldn't imagine what was the matter, though i was too weakand faint to care. to cut my adventure short, andrew had come to a poollower down the river just as i floated into it on top of the current; hehad fished me out, and was now restoring me to life again. i was got backto the house, how i hardly know, put to bed, and actually wept over bylord ashiel. by the evening i had so far recovered that i was able tocome down to dinner, though i should not have done so if it had not beenfor the anxiety of my host, as my head still felt as if it was going tosplit. i received many congratulations on my escape, and lord ashiel,when he spoke of it, was so much moved that every one was quiteembarrassed, and i myself was touched beyond expression at the affectionhe did not attempt to conceal. he was very silent after that, but inspite of him dinner that night was a merry meal. every one was in thebest of spirits, or else assumed them for the time being. we all jokedand laughed over my adventure, and mr. mcconachan said i bore a charmedlife, since i had escaped being killed by his careless shot, and now theriver refused to drown me. it was not till the servants had left theroom, and we were preparing to do the same, that lord ashiel spoke again.

10 minutes later my step brother recovered and looked miserable, he wanted to leave asap.

 “‘my dear, dear son,—now that approaching disgrace begins to darken the closing years of my life, i can write with all truth and honesty that it is not the terror of the law, it is not the loss of my position in the county, nor is it my fall in the eyes of all who have known me, which cuts me to the heart; but it is the thought that you should come to blush for me—you who love me and who have seldom, i hope, had reason to do other than respect me. but if the blow falls which is forever hanging over me, then i should wish you to read this, that you may know straight from me how far i have been to blame. on the other hand, if all should go well (which may kind god almighty grant!), then if by any chance this paper should be still undestroyed and should fall into your hands, i conjure you, by all you hold sacred, by the memory of your dear mother, and by the love which had been between us, to hurl it into the fire and to never give one thought to it again.

My wife, who i love dearly is an amazing woman.

an hour later a bank messenger arrived with an envelope containing £100in notes. juliet had never seen so much money in her life, and thought itfar too much. "i shall be sure to lose it," was her first thought. hersecond was to deposit it with the proprietor of the hotel; after whichshe felt safer. then, in huge delight, she sallied forth again with hermaid, the alluring memory of some of the shop windows into which she hadgazed that morning calling to her loudly; she had never thought to lookat those fascinating garments from the other side of the glass.intoxicating hours followed, in which a couple of tweed dresses werepurchased that seemed as if they must have been made on purpose for her;nor were thick walking shoes, and country hats, and other accessoriesneglected. by evening her room was strewn with cardboard boxes, and onwednesday more were added, so that a trunk to pack them in had to bebought as well. the shops were very empty; juliet had the entireattention of the shop people, and revelled in her purchases. time flew,and she was quite sorry, as she drove to euston on the following evening,to think that she was leaving this fascinating town of london.

At least couple dozen trips to the bathroom.

no questions of any importance were asked of mr. gardiner, and thecoroner, after a short interchange of whispers with his officer,glanced at a group of professional-looking men behind the witness-box.

Choose simple lives can come with seasonal stresses the importance of which can only be understood by the native.

he went out by a private door to the telephone box, which stood in alobby used by various occupants of the building. and when he had rung upeldrick's private house and was waiting for the answer, he asked himselfwhat this discovery would mean to the present holders of the mallathorpeproperty, and his curiosity--a strongly developed quality in him--becamemore and more excited. if eldrick was not at home, if he could not getin touch with him, he would persuade old bartle to let him see hisfind--he would cheerfully go late to his dinner if he could only get apeep at this strangely discovered document. romance! why, this indeedwas romance; and it might be--what else? old bartle had already chuckledabout topsy-turvydom: did that mean that--

When we made it back to the hotel, i was just buzzing with excitement, that kind of ''i've been waiting months for this movie to come out'' feeling.

"big, fleshy man--elderly--very solemn in manner and appearance,"answered the landlord. "i remember him well. came in about five o'clockin the afternoon of the 4th just after the london train arrived--andbooked a room. he told me he expected to meet a gentleman from new york,and was very fidgety about fixing it up to go off in the tender to the araconda  when she came into the bay. however, i found out for him thatshe wouldn't be in until next evening, so of course he settled down towait. very quiet, reserved old fellow--never said much."

(*wow, a missed-exam tifu, how original!*)

my university offers a free 1-year language course to all students, so, naturally, i took advantage of it.

 “i was already firmly convinced, watson, that there were not three separate mysteries here, but one only, and that if i could read the musgrave ritual aright i should hold in my hand the clue which would lead me to the truth concerning both the butler brunton and the maid howells. to that then i turned all my energies. why should this servant be so anxious to master this old formula? evidently because he saw something in it which had escaped all those generations of country squires, and from which he expected some personal advantage. what was it then, and how had it affected his fate?

My mouth and throat were fortunately not affected too much, although they had a weird scratchy texture for a while.

"you can take it from me--considering all that i've been told thisafternoon--" said the old solicitor, "that spencer levendale is samlevin--come back from south africa, a millionaire. i'm convinced of it!and now then, gentlemen, what does all this mean? there's no doubt thatold multenius and levendale were secretly mixed up. what in? what's theextraordinary mystery about that book--left in multenius's back parlourand advertised for immediately by levendale as if it were simplyinvaluable? why has levendale utterly disappeared? and who is this manpurvis--and what's he to do with it? you've got the hardest nuts tocrack--a whole basketful of 'em!--that ever i heard of. and i've hadsome little experience of crime!"

I'm a teenage student at an average high school in the south.

South is one of the cardinal directions or compass points. South is the opposite of north and is perpendicular to east and west.

but lauriston's attention was mainly directed to the two men who stoodbehind the bar-counter, superintending and directing their neatassistants. sly, smooth, crafty men--so they had been described by mr.mori yada: lauriston's opinion coincided with that of the japanese, onfirst, outer evidence and impression. they were middle-aged, plump menwho might be, and probably were, twins, favouring mutton chop whiskers,and good linen and black neckcloths--they might have been strong,highly-respectable butlers. each had his coat off; each wore a spotlesslinen apron; each wielded carving knives and forks; each was busy incarving plates of ham or tongue or beef; each contrived, while thusengaged, to keep his sharp, beady eyes on the doings in the room infront of the counter. evidently a well-to-do, old-established business,this, and highly prosperous men who owned it: lauriston wondered thatthey should run any risks by hiding away a secret opium den somewhereon their ancient premises.

To explain the situation, i am a student at the niels brock ibb college in copenhagen.

mrs. mallathorpe looked her curiosity as soon as she came in. she didnot remember that she had ever seen this young man before, but sherecognized at once that he was a shrewd and sharp person, and she knewfrom his manner that he had news of importance to give her. she quietlyacknowledged pratt's somewhat elaborate bow, and motioned him to take achair at the side of the big desk which stood before the fireplace--sheherself sat down at the desk itself, in john mallathorpe's oldelbow-chair. and pratt thought to himself that however much young harperjohn mallathorpe might be nominal master of normandale grange, the realmaster was there, in the self-evident, quiet-looking woman who turned tohim in business-like fashion.

Pretty soon a bunch of strangers are looking at me with loathing, so i pay up and slink out.

 “every success to your investigation, be the criminal who it may,” answered the nobleman, as he bowed us out the door.

The police then searched our car, and finding nothing in the car, nor any info about us (criminal history, etc.

In ordinary language, a crime is an unlawful act punishable by a state or other authority. The term crime does not, in modern criminal law, have any simple and universally accepted definition, though statutory definitions have been provided for certain purposes. The most popular view is that crime is a category created by law; in other words, something is a crime if declared as such by the relevant and applicable law. One proposed definition is that a crime or offence (or criminal offence) is an act harmful not only to some individual but also to a community, society, or the state ("a public wrong"). Such acts are forbidden and punishable by law.The notion that acts such as murder, rape, and theft are to be prohibited exists worldwide. What precisely is a criminal offence is defined by the criminal law of each relevant jurisdiction. While many have a catalogue of crimes called the criminal code, in some common law nations no such comprehensive statute exists.

but before they had quitted the foyer an interruption came in the shapeof a shrewd-looking gentleman in evening dress, who wore his opera hat ata rakish angle and seemed to be very much at home as he strolled about,hands in pockets, looking around him at all and sundry. he suddenlycaught sight of gilling, smiled surprisedly and expansively, and cameforward with outstretched hand.

T and i became friends pretty quickly, i found myself wanting to know her more and more, slowly growing rather fond of her.

A came is a divider bar used between small pieces of glass to make a larger glazing panel.

 “so that was the end of my adventure, mr. holmes. i do not know where i was, nor whom i spoke with, nor anything save what i have told you. but i know that there is foul play going on, and i want to help that unhappy man if i can. i told the whole story to mr. mycroft holmes next morning, and subsequently to the police.”

I figured that if it turns out i could've eaten, no harm no foul and that shouldn't effect the test negatively.

"this discovery, of course, made us aware that we were now face to facewith a new development. we were not long in arriving at a conclusionabout that. chang li had found out that his friend had become possessedof these valuable--he might have discovered the matter of the diamond,or of the bank-notes or both--how was immaterial. but we wereconvinced, putting everything together, that he had made thisdiscovery, had probably laid in wait for chen li as he returned homethat night, had run a knife into him as he went up the garden, haddragged the body into the shrubbery, possessed himself of the loot, andmade off. and now we were face to face with what was going, as we knew,to be the stiffest part of our work--the finding of chang li. we set towork on that without a moment's delay.

Today i took my 13 year old sister and her friend to the city.

Friendship is a relationship of mutual affection between people. It is a stronger form of interpersonal bond than an association, and has been studied in academic fields such as communication, sociology, social psychology, anthropology, and philosophy. Various academic theories of friendship have been proposed, including social exchange theory, equity theory, relational dialectics, and attachment styles.

gimblet leant out of the window and watched the barge negotiate thebridge. then he returned to his chair, and taking lord ashiel's envelopeout of his pocket looked it over thoughtfully before opening it. he hadno doubts as to what it contained; he had been on the point of remindingthe peer that he had forgotten to give him the key of the cipher he hadspoken of when the widow's ring at the door had driven him to a hurriedretreat, but he had not considered the omission of any particularsignificance. his client would certainly discover it and either return togive him the key, or send it to the flat.

I'm considering sending an apology but i don't really want to call more attention to my mistake.

 “‘you have paid me several compliments, mr. moriarty,’ said i. ‘let me pay you one in return when i say that if i were assured of the former eventuality i would, in the interests of the public, cheerfully accept the latter.’

He tells me he paid with cash, so i call the manager over.

"quite right--i don't want to know myself," answered ayscough. "andyou'll probably have an idea when he's coming back? all right--take atip from me. keep him out of the way a bit--stop him from coming intothis district. let him know all about those marks--and if he can clearthat up, well and good. you understand?--and of course, all this isbetween you and me."

We were making our way across a huge parking lot to the rental car company.

Way is a road, route, path or pathway, including long-distance paths.

"now, while we were at chicago that time, bassett came to me one day withthe typescript of a one-act play and told me that it had been sent to himby a correspondent signing himself marston greyle; who in a coveringletter, said that he sprang from an old english family, and that the playdealt with a historic, romantic episode in its history. the principalpart, he believed, was one which would suit bassett--therefore he beggedhim to consider the matter. bassett asked me to read the play, and i tookit away, with the writer's letter, for that purpose. but we were justthen very busy, and i had no opportunity of reading anything for a time.later on, we went to st. louis, and there, of course, bassett, as usual,was much fêted and went out a great deal, lunching with people and so on.one day he came to me, 'by-the-bye, dennie!' he said, 'i met that mr.marston greyle today who sent me that romantic one-act thing. he wantedto know if i'd read it, and i had to confess that it was in your hands.have you looked at it?' i, too, had to confess--i hadn't. 'well,' saidhe, 'read it and let me know what you think--will it suit me?' i madetime to read the little play during the following week, and i toldbassett that i didn't think it would suit him, but i felt sure it mightsuit montagu gaines, who plays just such parts. bassett thereupon wroteto the author and said what i, his reader, thought, and kindly offered,as he knew gaines intimately, to show the little work to him on hisreturn to england. and this mr. marston greyle wrote back, thankingbassett warmly and accepting his kind offer. accordingly, i brought theplay with me to england. montagu gaines, however, had just set off on atwo years' tour to australia--consequently, the play and the author's twoletters have remained in my possession ever since. and--here they are!"

(great game, by the way.

"servant, sir!" said ayscough. "detective sergeant ayscough of thecriminal investigation department--friend of mine, this, sir, mr. yada,i believe--mr. mori yada?"

) i drank it, realized my screw up, but said, "oh well.

Saʽid (Arabic: سعيد‎ Saʽīd), also spelled Saʽeid, Said, Saïd, Sid, Saeed or Sayid, is a male Arabic given name which means "blessed (in Quranic Classical Arabic), good luck, joy" or "happy, patient". The name stems from the Arabic verb sa‘ada (سَعَدَ - 'to be happy, fortunate or lucky').

for this was the man, who, in a few years, had unravelled more apparentlyinsoluble mysteries, and caused the arrest of more hitherto evasivescoundrels, than his predecessors had managed to secure in a decade. thename of gimblet was known and detested wherever a coiner carried on hisforbidden craft, or a blackmailer concocted his cowardly plans; burglarsand forgers cursed freely when he was mentioned, and there was hardly anillicit trade in the country which had not suffered at one time oranother from his inquisitive habit of interesting himself in otherpeople's affairs. scotland yard officials were never too proud to callupon him for help, and many a difficulty he had helped them out of,though he refused an offer of a regular post in the criminalinvestigation department, preferring to be at liberty to choose whatcases he would take up. above all things he loved the strange andinexplicable. gimblet had not always been a detective. indeed, he oftensmiled to himself when he thought of the extraordinary confidence whichthe public now elected to repose in him.

After that encounter you would think i learned my lesson but a week later she almost got me arrested for harboring a fugitive.

An arrest is the act of apprehending and taking a person into custody (legal protection or control), usually because the person has been suspected of or observed committing a crime. After being taken into custody, the person can be questioned further and/or charged. An arrest is a procedure in a criminal justice system.

“but i suppose, as the last powder was taken two days ago, it is not ofmuch importance?”

I inhale for a few more seconds, about to tell him it's a dud and to relight, when i notice that he had taken the stem out already.

"she is sure to get back in time," gimblet tried to reassure her, thoughhe himself was beginning to wonder at the girl's absence. "perhaps," headded, "she is at mrs. clutsam's. i daresay that's the truth of it."

So at my friend's place, and his gf is there, and i sure do have the hots for her.

"will you come in and speak to my mother?" she said. "she was a greatadmirer of mr. oliver's acting--and she knew him at one time. she will beinterested--and grieved."

I have never been fond of public speaking but i am not petrified of it to the point where i can’t do it.

he paused looking at zillah, whose eyes were now fastened on thecuff-studs, and who was obviously so astonished as to have lost hertongue.

My grandpa was fastened to the passenger's seat, and he got absolutely covered in mud.

pratt knew nothing of this as he slowly made his way to normandale thatmorning. having plenty of time he went by devious and lonely roads andby-lanes. eventually he came to the boundary of normandale park at apoint far away from the grange. there he dismounted, hid his bicycle ina coppice wherein he had often left it before, and went on towards thehouse through the woods and plantations. he knew every yard of theground he traversed, and was skilled in taking cover if he saw any signof woodman or gamekeeper. and in the end, just as one o'clock chimedfrom the clock over the stables, he came to a quiet spot in theshrubberies behind the grange, and found esther mawson waiting for himin an old summer-house in which they had met on previous and similaroccasions.

She was amazing and we hit it off right away, we literally had everything in common.

"all this, of course, was a mere surmise, and rather wild at that, butthe deer forests of scotland are not muddy, whatever else they may be,and i felt an unreasoning conviction that the rifle had not accumulateddust while engaged upon its legitimate business on the mountain tops. thepeaty moorland soil on which the castle stood would hardly be the bestthing in the world for rose-trees, i imagined, and it seemed not too muchto hope that some other kind of earth might be artificially mingled withit. i carefully collected the dust in a pill-box, and promised myself tolose no time in obtaining the opinion of an expert analyst, as towhether or no some trace of patent fertilizer, or other chemical, couldnot be traced in it.

I just quickly stood up and leave the coffee shop, did not bother to pick up my cortado in the end.

Stade (German pronunciation: [ˈʃtaːdə]), officially the Hanseatic City of Stade (German: Hansestadt Stade, Low German: Hansestadt Stood) is a city in Lower Saxony in northern Germany. First mentioned in records in 934, it is the seat of the district (Landkreis) which bears its name. It is located roughly 45 km (28 mi) to the west of Hamburg and belongs to that city's wider metropolitan region. Within the area of the city are the urban districts of Bützfleth, Hagen, Haddorf and Wiepenkathen, each of which have a council (Ortsrat) of their own with some autonomous decision-making rights.

"yes," replied the specialist, "in company with dr. seracold. thedeceased was a thoroughly healthy, well-nourished man. there was not atrace of disease in any of the organs--he was evidently a temperateman, and likely to live to over the seventy years' period. and, as ihave said, there was not a trace of poison. that is, not a trace of anypoison known to me."

Because he has a genetic eye disease.

A disease is a particular abnormal condition that negatively affects the structure or function of all or part of an organism, and that is not due to any immediate external injury. Diseases are often known to be medical conditions that are associated with specific signs and symptoms. A disease may be caused by external factors such as pathogens or by internal dysfunctions.  For example, internal dysfunctions of the immune system can produce a variety of different diseases, including various forms of immunodeficiency, hypersensitivity, allergies and autoimmune disorders.

“when i went to draw the curtains, as a rule, sir.”

I see him opening up my drawer of clothes.

"i was not really so surprised as he expected. his behaviour to me hadmade me suspicious, and during the last few days especially i had allowedmyself to nourish a hope that we were related. but i was glad. i can'ttell you how glad and thankful. every one else was tremendouslysurprised. they all clustered round us with questions and exclamations,but lord ashiel would say no more just then, and only smiled and beamed,and nodded mysteriously. 'i am not going to answer any questions till ihave had a talk with juliet,' he said. 'this is as much news to her as itis to any of you, and it is only fair that she should be the first tohear the story. for i won't deny that there is a story. come to mepresently, my child,' he went on, addressing himself to me. 'come to thelibrary in half an hour's time. you will find me there, and i will tellyou all about it.'

I ran away and never talked to her again.

"you're making a comfortable nest of it, anyhow, pratt," answeredeldrick, looking round. "and--what sort of business are you going to do,pray?"

Minding my own business i preceeded to relieve myself on the  edge of the forrest.

Business is the activity of making one's living or making money by producing or buying and selling products (such as goods and services). Simply put, it is "any activity or enterprise entered into for profit."Having a business name does not separate the business entity from the owner, which means that the owner of the business is responsible and liable for debts incurred by the business.  If the business acquires debts, the creditors can go after the owner's personal possessions.  A business structure does not allow for corporate tax rates. The proprietor is personally taxed on all income from the business.

but in the morning, when the first gleam of light came across the sea,and vickers, leaving his companions to prepare some breakfast from thestore of provisions which had been sent ashore with them, set out to makea first examination of their surroundings, the agent was not to be seen.what was to be seen was a breach of rock, sand, shingle, not a mile inlength, lying at the foot of high cliffs, and on the grey sea in frontnot a sign of a sail, nor a wisp of smoke from a passing steamer. theapparent solitude and isolation of the place was as profound as thesilence which overhung everything.

So the weather is getting colder, and i figured hey no problem i will put my son in warm footsy pj's.

The foot (plural: feet) is an anatomical structure found in many vertebrates. It is the terminal portion of a limb which bears weight and allows locomotion. In many animals with feet, the foot is a separate organ at the terminal part of the leg made up of one or more segments or bones, generally including claws or nails.

personally, i was not sanguine. poirot might have excellent reasons forhis belief in inglethorp’s innocence, but a man of the type ofsummerhaye would require tangible proofs, and these i doubted if poirotcould supply.

I couldn’t figure out how this happened, thinking there was some but type of lock for the nuts on the wheel since it was a bit newer model car.

 “your slippers are new,” he said. “you could not have had them more than a few weeks. the soles which you are at this moment presenting to me are slightly scorched. for a moment i thought they might have got wet and been burned in the drying. but near the instep there is a small circular wafer of paper with the shopman’s hieroglyphics upon it. damp would of course have removed this. you had, then, been sitting with your feet outstretched to the fire, which a man would hardly do even in so wet a june as this if he were in his full health.”

Of course this didn't happen today but i am dealing with the reprucussions today so i feel it's appropriate.

 for three months after taking over the practice i was kept very closely at work, and saw little of my friend sherlock holmes, for i was too busy to visit baker street, and he seldom went anywhere himself save upon professional business. i was surprised, therefore, when, one morning in june, as i sat reading the  british medical journal  after breakfast, i heard a ring at the bell, followed by the high, somewhat strident tones of my old companion’s voice.

It didn't help that we were reading out loud.

Reading is the process of taking in the sense or meaning of letters, symbols, etc., especially by sight or touch.For educators and researchers, reading is a multifaceted process involving such areas as word recognition, orthography (spelling), alphabetics, phonics, phonemic awareness, vocabulary, comprehension, fluency, and motivation.Other types of reading and writing, such as pictograms (e.g., a hazard symbol and an emoji), are not based on speech-based writing systems. The common link is the interpretation of symbols to extract the meaning from the visual notations or tactile signals (as in the case of Braille).

herein pratt's innate vanity and his ignorance showed themselves. he hadlittle knowledge of modern young women, and few ideas about them; andsuch ideas as he possessed were usually mistaken ones. but one was thatit is always necessary to keep a firm hand on women--let them see andfeel your power, said pratt. he had been secretly delighted to acquaintnesta mallathorpe with his power, to drive it into her that he had thewhip hand of her mother, and through her mother, of nesta herself. hehad seen that nesta was much upset and alarmed by what he told her. andthough she certainly seemed to recover her spirits at the end of theinterview, and even refused to shake hands with him, he cherished thenotion that in the war of words he had come off a decided victor. he didnot believe that nesta would utter to any other soul one word of whathad passed between them: she would be too much afraid of calling downhis vengeance on her mother. what he did believe was that as time wentby, and all progressed smoothly, nesta would come to face and acceptfacts: she would find him honest and hardworking in his dealings withmrs. mallathorpe (as he fully intended to be, from purely personal andselfish motives) and she herself would begin to tolerate and then totrust him, and eventually--well, who knew what might or might nothappen? what said the great talleyrand?--with time and patience, themulberry leaf is turned into satin.

A strange smell alarmed my father and step mom and then he realized what he should of realized earlier.

the detective, who had already had several long conversations withpurdie at headquarters during the previous afternoon and evening, andknew him for a well-to-do young gentleman who was anxious to clear hisfriend lauriston of all suspicion, shook his head. he was a quiet,sagacious, middle-aged man who evidently thought deeply about whateverhe had in hand.

I checked my email in the afternoon of the day that i took off to see that the company was trying to get in touch with me.

Afternoon is the time after noon. It is the time when the sun is descending from its peak in the sky to somewhat before its terminus at the horizon in the west. In human life, it occupies roughly the latter half of the standard work and school day. In literal terms, it refers to a time specifically after noon. The equivalent of Earth's afternoon on another planet would refer to the time the principal star of that planetary system would be in descent from its prime meridian, as seen from the planet's surface.

 “it was just as if they had been given into my hands. there was a bit of a haze, and you could not see more than a few hundred yards. i hired a boat for myself, and i pulled after them. i could see the blur of their craft, but they were going nearly as fast as i, and they must have been a long mile from the shore before i caught them up. the haze was like a curtain all round us, and there were we three in the middle of it. my god, shall i ever forget their faces when they saw who was in the boat that was closing in upon them? she screamed out. he swore like a madman and jabbed at me with an oar, for he must have seen death in my eyes. i got past it and got one in with my stick that crushed his head like an egg. i would have spared her, perhaps, for all my madness, but she threw her arms round him, crying out to him, and calling him ‘alec.’ i struck again, and she lay stretched beside him. i was like a wild beast then that had tasted blood. if sarah had been there, by the lord, she should have joined them. i pulled out my knife, and—well, there! i’ve said enough. it gave me a kind of savage joy when i thought how sarah would feel when she had such signs as these of what her meddling had brought about. then i tied the bodies into the boat, stove a plank, and stood by until they had sunk. i knew very well that the owner would think that they had lost their bearings in the haze, and had drifted off out to sea. i cleaned myself up, got back to land, and joined my ship without a soul having a suspicion of what had passed. that night i made up the packet for sarah cushing, and next day i sent it from belfast.

It's getting more and more boozy and i'm starting to forget how to walk straight.

 “‘i have said that the house is a rambling one. one day last week—on thursday night, to be more exact—i found that i could not sleep, having foolishly taken a cup of strong  café noir  after my dinner. after struggling against it until two in the morning, i felt that it was quite hopeless, so i rose and lit the candle with the intention of continuing a novel which i was reading. the book, however, had been left in the billiard-room, so i pulled on my dressing-gown and started off to get it.

They said these kinds of reactions only get worse with each sting, and the next time he gets stung could be a real emergency.

Saʽid (Arabic: سعيد‎ Saʽīd), also spelled Saʽeid, Said, Saïd, Sid, Saeed or Sayid, is a male Arabic given name which means "blessed (in Quranic Classical Arabic), good luck, joy" or "happy, patient". The name stems from the Arabic verb sa‘ada (سَعَدَ - 'to be happy, fortunate or lucky').

mrs. mallathorpe hesitated a moment. then she suddenly faced eldrickwith a defiant look. "let them--let everybody--do what they like!" sheexclaimed. "it's burnt! i threw it in that fire as soon as i got it! andnow----"

So i did the only thing left to do: i cut up the rest and threw it into the jambalaya.

this proved to be a small, slight woman dressed in deepest black andwearing the long veil of a widow, who was standing with her back to thedoor, apparently watching the rapid descent of the lift which had broughther to the landing of no. 7.

Then without much warning i puked and my puppy happened to be standing right in front of me so i puked a little bit on her.

Standing, also referred to as orthostasis, is a position in which the body is held in an erect ("orthostatic") position and supported only by the feet.  Although seemingly static, the body rocks slightly back and forth from the ankle in the sagittal plane. The sagittal plane bisects the body into right and left sides. The sway of quiet standing is often likened to the motion of an inverted pendulum.Standing at attention is a military standing posture, as is stand at ease, but these terms are also used in military-style organisations and in some professions which involve standing, such as modeling. At ease refers to the classic military position of standing with legs slightly apart, not in as formal or regimented a pose as standing at attention. In modeling, model at ease refers to the model standing with one leg straight, with the majority of the weight on it, and the other leg tucked over and slightly around.

“what do you mean?” she asked sharply. “you needn’t think your prettyexplanations influence me in the slightest. i’ll admit that it wasn’the who bought strychnine at the chemist’s shop. what of that? i daresay he soaked fly paper, as i told you at the beginning.”

Well after an especially rough month of class my good friend tells me that he has bought my wife and i tickets to go see glitch mob.

Bought  is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film produced and released by Warner Bros. and directed by Archie Mayo. The movie stars Constance Bennett and features Ben Lyon, Richard Bennett and Dorothy Peterson. It is based on the 1930 novel Jackdaw's Strut by Harriet Henry.

"purvis and i got on that track--such as it was, at once. we went alongto the east end there and then--before morning i had shaved off mybeard and mustache, disguised myself in old clothes, and was beginningmy work. first thing next morning i did two things--one was to cause atelegram to be sent from spring street to my butler explaining myprobable absence; the other to secretly warn the bank of england aboutthe bank-notes. but i had no expectation that chang li would try tonegotiate those--all his energies, i knew, would be concentrated on thediamond. nevertheless, he might try--and would, if hetried--succeed--in changing one note, and it was as well to take thatprecaution.

It was at least 600 feet in altitude, if not more.

East or Orient is one of the four cardinal directions or points of the compass. It is the opposite direction from West.

it was clear she did not like gimblet's terms; and after a few minuteshad passed in a silence as awkward as it was suggestive he pushed backhis chair and stood up. he hoped she would take the hint and bring anunprofitable and embarrassing interview to an end.

I'm trying to comfort her by rubbing her back and asking if she's ok, but she's not talking and clearly in pain.

the intervening rooms between the lower and the top floors of the oldhouse appeared to be given up to stores--the open doors revealed casks,cases, barrels, piles of biscuit and confectionery boxes--nothing toconceal there, decided the lynx-eyed men who trooped up the dingystairs after the grumbling proprietors. but the door on the top floorwas closed--and when ayscough turned its handle he found it to belocked from within.

Anyways i handle all the customers and he was the only one left and he started to talk to me.

A handle is a part of, or attachment to, an object that allows it to be grasped and manipulated by hand.  The design of each type of handle involves substantial ergonomic issues, even where these are dealt with intuitively or by following tradition. Handles for tools are an important part of their function, enabling the user to exploit the tools to maximum effect. Package handles allow for convenient carrying of packages.

"if you'll allow me to explain why i called on you, mrs. mallathorpe,"said collingwood, "i don't suppose you ever heard of me--but you know,at any rate, the name of my grandfather, mr. antony bartle, thebookseller, of barford? my grandfather is dead--he died very suddenlylast night."

I was supposed to enroll in a scholarship renewal on the 21st.

Supposition theory was a branch of medieval logic that was probably aimed at giving accounts of issues similar to modern accounts of reference, plurality, tense, and modality, within an Aristotelian context.  Philosophers such as John Buridan, William of Ockham, William of Sherwood, Walter Burley, Albert of Saxony, and Peter of Spain were its principal developers.  By the 14th century it seems to have drifted into at least two fairly distinct theories, the theory of "supposition proper" which included an "ampliation" and is much like a theory of reference, and the theory of "modes of supposition" whose intended function is not clear.

"that's all nonsense--what the police say!" he exclaimed. "i've foundout who gave those two rings to my mother! i can prove it! i don't carea hang for the police and their marks--those rings are mine!"

Instead, i open the door to a couple of police officers who seem to believe i'm a pedophile who intentionally exposed myself to this little girl.

The police are a constituted body of persons empowered by a state, with the aim to enforce the law, to ensure the safety, health and possessions of citizens, and to prevent crime and civil disorder. Their lawful powers include arrest and the use of force legitimized by the state via the monopoly on violence. The term is most commonly associated with the police forces of a sovereign state that are authorized to exercise the police power of that state within a defined legal or territorial area of responsibility. Police forces are often defined as being separate from the military and other organizations involved in the defense of the state against foreign aggressors; however, gendarmerie are military units charged with civil policing. Police forces are usually public sector services, funded through taxes.

she laid a cheque before melky and mr. penniket and stood by while theylooked at it. there was nothing remarkable about the cheque--made outto mr. daniel multenius on order for £36--except the two odd lookingnames at its foot-- chang li: chen li . otherwise, it was just like allother cheques--and it was on a local bank, in edgware road, and dulycrossed. but melky instantly observed the date, and put one of his longfingers to it.

Bitch instantly moved and sat onto my jeans.

 “mrs. straker awoke at seven in the morning, to find that her husband had not yet returned. she dressed herself hastily, called the maid, and set off for the stables. the door was open; inside, huddled together upon a chair, hunter was sunk in a state of absolute stupor, the favourite’s stall was empty, and there were no signs of his trainer.

Shortly after i got there, i heard the door opening and closing.

A door is a hinged or otherwise movable barrier that allows ingress into and egress from an enclosure. The created opening in the wall is a doorway or portal. A door's essential and primary purpose is to provide security by controlling access to the doorway (portal). Conventionally, it is a panel that fits into the portal of a building, room, or vehicle. Doors are generally made of a material suited to the door's task. Doors are commonly attached by hinges, but can move by other means, such as slides or counterbalancing. 

just then the constable returned with several newspapers and handedthem over to ayscough, who immediately laid them on a desk and turnedto the advertisements, while the others crowded round him.

I tried apologizing but she just kept calling me a bastard and wouldn't let me help her clean it off.

 not another word did he say of the case until late that night, when he was turning away, with his lighted candle, for his bedroom.

He say's "oh okay, no problem.

juliet did not hesitate. she could reach the aperture easily, and itwould have been the simplest thing in the world to climb into it, butfor the yawning chasm beneath. holding firmly to the friendly holly, andresisting, with an effort, the temptation to look down, she swungherself bravely over the edge and scrambled into the hole with a gasp ofrelief. it was, after all, not very difficult. she found herselfstanding within the entrance of a narrow passage built into thethickness of the wall. beside the opening through which she had come, alittle door of oak, grey with age and strengthened with rusty bars andcross-pieces of iron, drooped upon its one remaining hinge. two hugeslabs of stone leaning near it, against the wall, showed how it hadbeen the custom in former centuries to fortify the entrance still moreeffectively in time of danger.

She showed me her titties on msn webcam and for this i was greatly in debt.

he pointed over the level sward to the slight figure of a woman inblack, who was obviously taking a near cut up to the grange. nestalooked wonderingly across the park as the car cleared the gate and wenton up the drive.

It might be the least sexy thing a woman has ever said to me.

A woman is an adult female human. Prior to adulthood, a female human is referred to as a girl (a female child or adolescent). The plural women is sometimes used in certain phrases such as "women's rights" to denote female humans regardless of age.

collingwood went away to his chambers. he was much occupied just then,and had little time to think of anything but the work in hand. but as heate his lunch at the club which he had joined on settling in barford, hetried to get at some notion of the state of things, and once more hismind reverted to the time of his grandfather's death, and his ownsuspicions about pratt at that period. clearly that was a point to whichthey must hark back--he himself must make more inquiries about thecircumstances of antony bartle's last hours. for this affair would nothave to rest where it was--it was intolerable that nesta mallathorpeshould in any way be under pratt's power. he went back to eldrick atfour o'clock with a suggestion or two in his mind. and at the sight ofhim eldrick shook his head.

"

being annoyed by who i thought was my brother, i said, "antony, i'm serious.

Antony is a Danish, English, Finnish, German, Norwegian and Swedish given name that is a form of Anthony in use in North America, Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, Peninsular Malaysia, India, Pakistan, England, Scotland, Wales, Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland, Sweden, Finland, Norway, Republic of Karelia, Estonia, Denmark, Germany, Austria, eastern Switzerland, part of Serbia, part of Romania, Guyana, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Ghana, Namibia, South Africa, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Malawi, Tanzania, Uganda, Kenya, Sudan, South Sudan, Ethiopia, Cameroon and Nigeria. As a surname it is derived from the Antonius root name. People with this name include the following:

"julia," said mark, stepping forward, and speaking with some of hisformer assurance, "you condemn me unheard. why should you believe thisgirl before me? it is not like you, julia. it is not like the girl ilove. for i do love you, darling, in spite of what you may think; and,till a few moments ago, i thought you loved me too. but i see now whatyour love is. one whiff of suspicion, one word of accusation, and withoutproof or evidence you condemn me, and your so-called affectiondisappears. julia, i think you have broken my heart."

My housemate has a husky which we all love and help look after.

Love encompasses a range of strong and positive emotional and mental states, from the most sublime virtue or good habit, the deepest interpersonal affection, to the simplest pleasure. An example of this range of meanings is that the love of a mother differs from the love of a spouse, which differs from the love of food. Most commonly, love refers to a feeling of a strong attraction and emotional attachment.Love is considered to be both positive and negative, with its virtue representing human kindness, compassion, and affection, as "the unselfish loyal and benevolent concern for the good of another" and its vice representing human moral flaw, akin to vanity, selfishness, amour-propre, and egotism, as potentially leading people into a type of mania, obsessiveness or codependency. It may also describe compassionate and affectionate actions towards other humans, one's self, or animals. In its various forms, love acts as a major facilitator of interpersonal relationships and, owing to its central psychological importance, is one of the most common themes in the creative arts. Love has been postulated to be a function that keeps human beings together against menaces and to facilitate the continuation of the species.Ancient Greek philosophers identified six forms of love: essentially, familial love (in Greek, Storge), friendly love or platonic love (Philia), romantic love (Eros), self-love (Philautia), guest love (Xenia), and divine love (Agape). Modern authors have distinguished further varieties of love: unrequited love, empty love, companionate love, consummate love, infatuated love, self-love, and courtly love. Numerous cultures have also distinguished Ren, Yuanfen, Mamihlapinatapai, Cafuné, Kama, Bhakti, Mettā, Ishq, Chesed, Amore, Charity, Saudade (and other variants or symbioses of these states), as culturally unique words, definitions, or expressions of love in regards to a specified "moments" currently lacking in the English language.Scientific research on emotion has increased significantly over the past two decades. The color wheel theory of love defines three primary, three secondary and nine tertiary love styles, describing them in terms of the traditional color wheel. The triangular theory of love suggests "intimacy, passion and commitment" are core components of love. Love has additional religious or spiritual meaning. This diversity of uses and meanings combined with the complexity of the feelings involved makes love unusually difficult to consistently define, compared to other emotional states.

"i suppose i had better," said juliet doubtfully. "i wonder if theshops here will trust me. the fact is, i haven't got very much extramoney. i think perhaps i'd better wait a day or two till i can havesome more sent me."

I've been so out of touch with this holiday for so long that i didn't really even think about my son *believing* in the easter bunny.

In their most common sense, the terms thought and thinking refer to conscious processes that can happen independently of sensory stimulation. Their most paradigmatic forms are judging, reasoning, concept formation, problem solving, and deliberation. But other mental processes, like considering an idea, memory, or imagination, are also often included. These processes can happen internally independent of the sensory organs, unlike perception. But when understood in the widest sense, any mental event may be understood as a form of thinking, including perception and unconscious mental processes. In a slightly different sense, the term thought refers not to the mental processes themselves but to  mental states or systems of ideas brought about by these processes.

“we must try and break the door in, i suppose. it’ll be a tough job,though. here, let one of the maids go down and wake baily and tell himto go for dr. wilkins at once. now then, we’ll have a try at the door.half a moment, though, isn’t there a door into miss cynthia’s rooms?”

It sort of made me feel betrayed her not being honest, and she ended up telling me she's been visiting a therapist, and she was fine.

it was only for a moment that i had this opportunity; for he waved histight-fitting black glove the instant i looked at him, and came straightin.

I quickly threw my dick back in my pants as we both looked away and tried to forget what we both had seen.

on september 15th john cavendish appeared in the dock at the oldbailey, charged with “the wilful murder of emily agnes inglethorp,” andpleaded “not guilty.”

Org/2007/09/27/man-arresting-for-coughing-on-officer/ it appears that i'm not the first to be charged with assault for coughing on an officer.

the first thing to be seen inside the ground floor room into which theystepped was the man from new scotland yard, who, in company withanother very ordinary-looking individual was seated at a little tablejust inside the entrance, leisurely consuming coffee and beefsandwiches. he glanced at the two men as if he had never seen them inhis life, and they, preserving equally stolid expressions with creditif not with the detective's ready and trained ability, passed furtheron--only to recognize levendale and stephen purvis, who had foundaccommodation in a quiet corner half-way down the room. they, too,showed no signs of recognition, and purdie, passing by them, steeredhis companion to an unoccupied table and bade him be seated.

So it turns out unfortunately her mum had a terminal illness and she passed away when were both 17 after quite a battle.

she was standing by a bookshelf at the far end, near the window, andseemed to be methodically engaged in an examination of the books. julietsaw her take out first one, then another, musty, leather-bound volume,shake it, turn over the leaves, and put it back in its place aftergroping with her hand at the back of the shelf. plainly she was huntingfor something. but for what? she had no business where she was, in anycase, and juliet's indignation gathered and swelled within her as shewatched this unwarrantable intrusion.

If i would fall unconscious, i don't think anyone would come because no one in my family was nearby.

 far away, from among the kentish woods there rose a thin spray of smoke. a minute later a carriage and engine could be seen flying along the open curve which leads to the station. we had hardly time to take our place behind a pile of luggage when it passed with a rattle and a roar, beating a blast of hot air into our faces.

She ended up being fine, and, as i rose from the water at the end, i could hear her saying something like.

A rose is a woody perennial flowering plant of the genus Rosa, in the family Rosaceae, or the flower it bears. There are over three hundred species and tens of thousands of cultivars. They form a group of plants that can be erect shrubs, climbing, or trailing, with stems that are often armed with sharp prickles. Their flowers vary in size and shape and are usually large and showy, in colours ranging from white through yellows and reds. Most species are native to Asia, with smaller numbers native to Europe, North America, and northwestern Africa. Species, cultivars and hybrids are all widely grown for their beauty and often are fragrant.  Roses have acquired cultural significance in  many societies. Rose plants range in size from compact, miniature roses, to climbers that can reach seven meters in height. Different species hybridize easily, and this has been used in the development of the wide range of garden roses.

"now i had a fancy myself to have a look for the will. i took the lastwords of the dead man to be an effort to indicate how i was to do so, andi had no idea of prosecuting my search under the eye of his nephew. youngashiel was to dine at the cottage here, with lady ruth; so i excusedmyself under pretence of a headache from appearing at dinner, and hurriedback to the castle as soon as i could do so unobserved. i got in by awindow which i had purposely left open, and made my way to the library.the words that lord ashiel, as he lay dying, had managed to stammer outto his daughter, were only five. 'gimblet--the clock--eleven--steps.' ihad decided to take the clock in the library as the starting-point ofinvestigation. he might, of course, have referred to any other clock, butonly one could be dealt with at a time, and a beginning must be madesomewhere. moreover, i had noticed a curious feature about thatparticular timepiece. it was clamped to the wall, which struck me as verysuggestive; and i thought it quite likely i should be able to discoversome kind of secret drawer concealed within, or behind, the tall blacklacquered case, where the will and other papers of which lord ashiel hadtold me might be hidden. but in spite of my best efforts i came acrossnothing of the kind.

A car passed by and its headlights temporarily glared over here eyes so she couldn't see.

Eyes are organs of the visual system. They provide animals with vision, the ability to receive and process visual detail, as well as enabling several photo response functions that are independent of vision. Eyes detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons. In higher organisms, the eye is a complex optical system which collects light from the surrounding environment, regulates its intensity through a diaphragm, focuses it through an adjustable assembly of lenses to form an image, converts this image into a set of electrical signals, and transmits these signals to the brain through complex neural pathways that connect the eye via the optic nerve to the visual cortex and other areas of the brain. Eyes with resolving power have come in ten fundamentally different forms, and 96% of animal species possess a complex optical system. Image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs, chordates and arthropods.The most simple eyes, pit eyes, are eye-spots which may be set into a pit to reduce the angles of light that enters and affects the eye-spot, to allow the organism to deduce the angle of incoming light. From more complex eyes, retinal photosensitive ganglion cells send signals along the retinohypothalamic tract to the suprachiasmatic nuclei to effect circadian adjustment and to the pretectal area to control the pupillary light reflex.

 “it is customary at mawson’s for the clerks to leave at midday on saturday. sergeant tuson, of the city police, was somewhat surprised, therefore to see a gentleman with a carpet bag come down the steps at twenty minutes past one. his suspicions being aroused, the sergeant followed the man, and with the aid of constable pollock succeeded, after a most desperate resistance, in arresting him. it was at once clear that a daring and gigantic robbery had been committed. nearly a hundred thousand pounds’ worth of american railway bonds, with a large amount of scrip in other mines and companies, was discovered in the bag. on examining the premises the body of the unfortunate watchman was found doubled up and thrust into the largest of the safes, where it would not have been discovered until monday morning had it not been for the prompt action of sergeant tuson. the man’s skull had been shattered by a blow from a poker delivered from behind. there could be no doubt that beddington had obtained entrance by pretending that he had left something behind him, and having murdered the watchman, rapidly rifled the large safe, and then made off with his booty. his brother, who usually works with him, has not appeared in this job as far as can at present be ascertained, although the police are making energetic inquiries as to his whereabouts.”

You can see where this is going right? yeah, so i stupidly enough scratch the left side of my nostril while having really hot chili on my fingers.

but lauriston's attention was mainly directed to the two men who stoodbehind the bar-counter, superintending and directing their neatassistants. sly, smooth, crafty men--so they had been described by mr.mori yada: lauriston's opinion coincided with that of the japanese, onfirst, outer evidence and impression. they were middle-aged, plump menwho might be, and probably were, twins, favouring mutton chop whiskers,and good linen and black neckcloths--they might have been strong,highly-respectable butlers. each had his coat off; each wore a spotlesslinen apron; each wielded carving knives and forks; each was busy incarving plates of ham or tongue or beef; each contrived, while thusengaged, to keep his sharp, beady eyes on the doings in the room infront of the counter. evidently a well-to-do, old-established business,this, and highly prosperous men who owned it: lauriston wondered thatthey should run any risks by hiding away a secret opium den somewhereon their ancient premises.

Apologies for any grammar incorrection, english is not my mother

The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of a typical vertebrate. It manipulates food for mastication and swallowing as part of the digestive process, and is the primary organ of taste. The tongue's upper surface (dorsum) is covered by taste buds housed in numerous lingual papillae. It is sensitive and kept moist by saliva and is richly supplied with nerves and blood vessels. The tongue also serves as a natural means of cleaning the teeth. A major function of the tongue is the enabling of speech in humans and vocalization in other animals.

as we passed through one of the gates on our way home again, a prettyyoung woman of gipsy type coming in the opposite direction bowed andsmiled.

Edit: woman not women as the title suggests.

A woman is an adult female human. Prior to adulthood, a female human is referred to as a girl (a female child or adolescent). The plural women is sometimes used in certain phrases such as "women's rights" to denote female humans regardless of age.

 once, i remember, as we passed over the gemmi, and walked along the border of the melancholy daubensee, a large rock which had been dislodged from the ridge upon our right clattered down and roared into the lake behind us. in an instant holmes had raced up on to the ridge, and, standing upon a lofty pinnacle, craned his neck in every direction. it was in vain that our guide assured him that a fall of stones was a common chance in the spring-time at that spot. he said nothing, but he smiled at me with the air of a man who sees the fulfillment of that which he had expected.

I had my eyebrows tinted (because i'm vain af) and had an allergic reaction to ppd which is found in most hair dye.

the man readily consented, and gimblet, who was following on foot, wascalled and informed of the proposed change of route. he scrambled intothe back of the cart and they rattled along the upper road, the stoutpony no doubt wearing a very aggrieved expression under its blinkers.

I proposed my list of a few, "mound, honeypot, chasm, meat curtains.

her first impulse was to lean forward and call her, but as she did so thecry died unheard upon her lips. for the manner of julia's advance struckher as very odd. the girl was bending nearly double, and moving with acaution that seemed very strange and unnecessary. what was the matter?was she stalking something? crouching as she was in the bushes, she wouldnot be seen by anyone on the path below. did she not want to be seen? itlooked more and more like it. but why in the world should julia creepalong as if she feared to be observed? where was she going, and why?

I wasn't able to undo it at first but when i finally managed to open the drawer i noticed exactly what i had feared.

Fear is an intensely unpleasant emotion in response to perceiving or recognizing a danger or threat. Fear causes physiological changes that may produce behavioral reactions such as mounting an aggressive response or fleeing the threat. Fear in human beings may occur in response to a certain stimulus occurring in the present, or in anticipation or expectation of a future threat perceived as a risk to oneself. The fear response arises from the perception of danger leading to confrontation with or escape from/avoiding the threat (also known as the fight-or-flight response), which in extreme cases of fear (horror and terror) can be a freeze response or paralysis.

“not until fiddlesticks!” the snort miss howard gave was trulymagnificent. “you’re all off your heads. the man will be out of thecountry by then. if he’s any sense, he won’t stay here tamely and waitto be hanged.”

Anyway, i end up staying up all night chatting and watching youtube.

stafford hurried away up hill to the station, and copplestone, afterwaiting a minute or two, turned along the quay on the north of thebay--following audrey greyle, who was in front, alone.

How the fuck? i look white, my last name is *smith, how did they find this out? turns out, al queda has a major base in the phillipines.

A hill is a landform that extends above the surrounding terrain. It often has a distinct summit.

“oh, it’s pleasant enough if you want to lead the idle life. i drillwith the volunteers twice a week, and lend a hand at the farms. my wifeworks regularly ‘on the land’. she is up at five every morning to milk,and keeps at it steadily until lunchtime. it’s a jolly good life takingit all round—if it weren’t for that fellow alfred inglethorp!” hechecked the car suddenly, and glanced at his watch. “i wonder if we’vetime to pick up cynthia. no, she’ll have started from the hospital bynow.”

A couple comes in and they're holding hands, i greet them "hey guys! welcome to bbb, how are you doing tonight?" "doing good.

A hand is a prehensile, multi-fingered appendage located at the end of the forearm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs. A few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints extremely similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having "hands" instead of paws on their front limbs. The raccoon is usually described as having "hands" though opposable thumbs are lacking.Some evolutionary anatomists use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally — for example, in the context of whether the three digits of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand.The human hand usually has five digits: four fingers plus one thumb; these are often referred to collectively as five fingers, however, whereby the thumb is included as one of the fingers. It has 27 bones, not including the sesamoid bone, the number of which varies among people, 14 of which are the phalanges (proximal, intermediate and distal) of the fingers and thumb. The metacarpal bones connect the fingers and the carpal bones of the wrist. Each human hand has five metacarpals and eight carpal bones.

copplestone and gilling, who had never seen this part of the coastbefore, looked out on the scene with lively interest. it was certainly aprospect of romance and of wild, almost savage beauty on which theygazed. immediately in front of them, at a distance of twenty to thirtyyards, stood the old peel tower, a solid square mass of grey stone,intact as to its base and its middle stories, ruinous and crumbling fromthence to what was left of its battlements and the turret tower at oneangle. the fallen stone lay in irregular heaps on the ground at its foot;all around it were clumps of furze and bramble. from the level plateau onwhich it stood the glen fell away in horseshoe formation graduallynarrowing and descending until it terminated in a thick covert of fir andpine that ran down to the land end of the cove of which spurge had toldthem. and beyond that stretched the wide expanse of sea, with here andthere a red-sailed fishing boat tossing restlessly on the white-cappedwaves, and over that and the land was a chill silence, broken only by theoccasional cry of the sea-birds and the bleating of the mountain sheep.

It was like cheese mixed with ammonia, not strong enough to be overwhelming, but certainly enough to be noticed.

Certainty (also known as epistemic certainty or objective certainty) is the epistemic property of beliefs which a person has no rational grounds for doubting. One standard way of defining epistemic certainty is that a belief is certain if and only if the person holding that belief could not be mistaken in holding that belief. Other common definitions of certainty involve the indubitable nature of such beliefs or define certainty as a property of those beliefs with the greatest possible justification. Certainty is closely related to knowledge, although contemporary philosophers tend to treat knowledge as having lower requirements than certainty.Importantly, epistemic certainty is not the same thing as psychological certainty (also known as subjective certainty or certitude), which describes the highest degree to which a person could be convinced that something is true. While a person may be completely convinced that a particular belief is true, and might even be psychologically incapable of entertaining its falsity, this does not entail that the belief is itself beyond rational doubt or incapable of being false. While the word "certainty" is sometimes used to refer to a person's subjective certainty about the truth of a belief, philosophers are primarily interested in the question of whether any beliefs ever attain objective certainty. 

judge of his surprise and excitement, when the girl stopped before thetall case of the lacquered clock and, opening it, stepped inside and drewthe door to behind her. for five minutes, with nose pressed to the paneof the window, the detective waited, expecting her to reappear; then anidea struck him, and he clapped his hand against his leg in hisexasperation at not having guessed before.

Here's 19 year old college me, fresh and eager to get out in the world.

A leg is a weight-bearing and locomotive anatomical structure, usually having a columnar shape. During locomotion, legs function as "extensible struts".  The combination of movements at all joints can be modeled as a single, linear element capable of changing length and rotating about an omnidirectional "hip" joint.